

EX-10
7
ex10-6.htm
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT



Blueprint




 







Exhibit 10.6


 


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

 

THIS
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of
November 27, 2019, by Exactus, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
“Grantor”), in favor of
3i, LP, as a secured lender and Agent, and the other Secured
Parties signatory to the Security Agreement (collectively, the
“Secured
Party”).
 


WHEREAS:

 

A.           Reference
is made to that certain Security Agreement (the “Security Agreement”),
entered into by and among the Grantor, the other
“Guarantors” party thereto, and the Secured Party,
which secures certain now existing and future arising obligations
owing to the Secured Party (as defined in the Security Agreement)
under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement (as defined below)), as provided in the Security
Agreement;
 

B.           Pursuant
to the Security Agreement and that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”),
entered into between the Grantor and Secured Party, the Grantor is
required to execute and deliver to the Secured Party this
Agreement;
 

C.           Pursuant
to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Grantor has granted to
the Secured Party (as defined in the Security Agreement), a
security interest in substantially all the assets of the Grantor,
including all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, the IP
Collateral (as defined below);
 

D.           Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the
Security Agreement or the Purchase Agreement shall have the
meanings given such terms in the Security Agreement or the Purchase
Agreement.
 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
mutual agreements set forth herein and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, the Grantor hereby grants to the Secured Party, for
the benefit of the Secured Party (as defined in the Security
Agreement), to secure the Obligations (as defined in the Security
Agreement), a continuing security interest in all of the
Grantor’s right, title and interest in, to and under the
following, whether presently existing or hereafter created or
acquired:
 

1.           Each
United States and foreign trademark and trademark application,
including, without limitation, each United States federally
registered trademark and trademark application referred to in
Schedule 1 annexed
hereto, together with any reissues, continuations or extensions
thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 

2.           Each
trademark license, including, without limitation, each trademark
license listed on Schedule
1 annexed hereto, together with all goodwill associated
therewith;
 

3.           All
products and proceeds of the foregoing items 1 through 2,
including, without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement,
misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment of any
trademark, including, without limitation, any trademark referred to
in Schedule 1
annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a trademark
application referred to in Schedule 1 and any trademark
licensed under any trademark license listed on Schedule 1 annexed hereto
(items 1 through 3 being herein collectively referred to as the
“Trademark
Collateral”);
 

4.           Each
United States and foreign patent and patent application, including,
without limitation, each United States federally registered patent
and patent application referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto,
together with any reissues, continuations or extensions thereof and
all goodwill associated therewith;
 

5.           Each
patent license, including, without limitation, each patent license
listed on Schedule
2 annexed hereto, together with all goodwill associated
therewith;
 

 



 
-1-





 



 
 


6.           All
products and proceeds of the foregoing items 4 through 5,
including, without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement,
misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment of any
patent, including, without limitation, any patent referred to in
Schedule 2 annexed
hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a patent application
referred to in Schedule
2 and any patent licensed under any patent license listed on
Schedule 2 annexed
hereto (items 4 through 6 being herein collectively referred to as
the “Patent
Collateral”);
 

7.           If
applicable, each United States and foreign copyright and copyright
application, including, without limitation, each United States
federally registered copyright and copyright application referred
to in Schedule 3
annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations or
extensions thereof and all goodwill associated
therewith;
 

8.           If
applicable, each copyright license, including, without limitation,
each copyright license listed on Schedule 3 annexed hereto,
together with all goodwill associated therewith;
 

9.           All
products and proceeds of the foregoing items 7 through 8,
including, without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement,
misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment of any
copyright, including, without limitation, any copyright referred to
in Schedule 3
annexed hereto, any copyright issued pursuant to a copyright
application referred to in Schedule 3 and any copyright
licensed under any copyright license listed on Schedule 3 annexed hereto
(items 7 through 9 being herein collectively referred to as the
“Copyright
Collateral”; items 1 through 9 being herein (i.e., the
Trademark Collateral, the Patent Collateral, and the Copyright
Collateral) collectively referred to as the “IP Collateral”).
 

This
security interest is granted in conjunction with the security
interests granted to the Secured Party, pursuant to the Security
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement). The Grantor hereby acknowledges and affirms
that the rights and remedies of the Secured Party with respect to
the security interest in the IP Collateral made and granted hereby
are more fully set forth in the Transaction Documents (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement), the terms and provisions of which are
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective
meanings ascribed thereto in the Transaction Documents (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement).
 

Grantor
shall give Secured Party prior written notice of no less than five
(5) Business Days before filing any additional application for
registration of any trademark and prompt notice in writing of any
additional trademark registrations, patent registration, or
copyright registrations granted therefor after the date hereof.
Without limiting Grantor’s obligations under this paragraph,
Grantor hereby authorizes Secured Party unilaterally to modify this
Agreement by amending Schedules 1, 2, or 3 to include any future
United States registered trademarks, patents, copyrights or
applications therefor of Grantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
failure to so modify this Agreement or amend Schedules 1, 2, or 3
shall in any way affect, invalidate or detract from Secured
Party’s continuing security interest in all Collateral,
whether or not listed on Schedule 1, 2, or 3.
 

Grantor
hereby agrees that, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, such Grantor shall assume full and complete
responsibility for the prosecution, defense, enforcement or any
other necessary or desirable actions in connection with their
trademarks subject to the security interest hereunder.
 

This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signature
pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and
attached to a single counterpart.
 

This
Agreement is a Transaction Document (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement).
 

This
Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and
all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement and all disputes arising
hereunder shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The parties hereto
(a) agree that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this
Agreement or any other agreement, document, or other instrument
executed in connection herewith or therewith, shall be brought in
any state or federal court located within the City of New York, New
York, (b) irrevocably waive any objections which either may now or
hereafter have to the venue of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any other
agreement, document, or other instrument executed in connection
herewith, brought in the aforementioned courts and (c) further
irrevocably waive any claim that any such suit, action, or
proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.
 

Each of
the Grantor and the Secured Party hereby acknowledges and affirms
that Section 18 and Section 19 of the Security Agreement are
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. It
is the intention of the parties that such Sections and the terms
and provisions of the previous paragraph are to the extent feasible
meant to be read together for the purpose of achieving the utmost
consistency.
 


[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page
Follows]
 



 
-2-





 



The
Grantor has caused this Intellectual Property Security Agreement to
be duly executed by its duly authorized officer thereunto as of the
date first set forth above.
 

EXACTUS, INC., a Nevada
corporation

 

 

 


By:           

/s/ Emiliano
Aloi           





Name: Emiliano Aloi
Title: President
& CEO






 




 




Acknowledged:

 


3I, LP

as
Secured Party and Agent

 

 

 


By:            

/s/ Maier
Tarlow              



Name:
Maier Tarlow

Title:
Authorized Signer

 
 



 
-3-





 



 
 


SCHEDULE 1


to


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

 


Trademark Collateral

 

 



 
-4-





 



 
 


SCHEDULE 2


to


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

 


Patent Collateral

 

 

 



 



 
-5-





 



 
 


SCHEDULE 3


to


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

 


Copyright Collateral

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 



 
-6-










EX-10.2
3
camp-ex102_10.htm
EX-10.2


camp-ex102_10.htm


Exhibit 10.2
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY License Agreement
This Intellectually Property License Agreement (the "License Agreement"), effective as of March 15, 2021 (the "Effective Date"),
 is by and between CalAmp Wireless Networks Corporation, a Delaware 
Corporation, with a principal place of business located at 15635 Alton 
Parkway, Suite 250, Irvine, CA 92618 ("Licensor") and SVRUSA Co., LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company with offices located at16802 Aston, Irvine CA 92606 ("Licensee"). Licensor and Licensee may be referred to herein collectively as the "Parties" or individually as a "Party."  Capitalized
 terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned
 to them in the Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of March 14, 2021 
(the “Equity Purchase Agreement”) between Licensor and Licensee.
RECITALS
WHEREAS,
 Licensor owns all worldwide intellectual property rights that are 
embodied in the its LoJack Stolen Vehicle Recovery System and related 
services; including, the Licensed Patents, Licensed Marks, Copyrights, 
Trade Secrets, Licensed Software, and Licensed Know-How (collectively 
the “LoJack Intellectual Property”);
WHEREAS, Licensee desires to obtain a license to the LoJack Intellectual Property in the United States and Canada; 




 

i)

on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and




 

ii)

Licensor
 is willing to grant to Licensee a license to and under the LoJack 
Intellectual Property for the United States and Canada.
NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms, and 
conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration as set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement, the receipt
 and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as 
follows:
ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS
“Business”
 means the business of stolen vehicle recovery and lot inventory 
management systems sold to or through automotive dealerships to 
end-users or directly to end-users in the United States or Canada.
"Documentation" means the documentation relating to the Software included in Exhibit G.
"Intellectual Property Rights"
 means any and all registered and unregistered rights granted, applied 
for, or otherwise now or hereafter in existence under or related to any 
patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, database protection, domain 
name/websites or other intellectual property rights Laws, and all 
similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection, in any part of the 
world.
"Licensed Know-How"
 means the knowledge, skills, technical information, trade secrets, 
specifications, directions, instructions, test protocols, procedures, 
formulas, results, studies, analyses, processes, methods, enhancements, 
modifications, developments, 
 

 
designs, drawings, plans, documentation, and data owned or controlled by Licensor and related to the manufacture, sale, or use of the Licensed Products.
"Licensed Marks" means the trademarks and service marks listed on Exhibit B
 whether registered or unregistered, including the listed registrations 
and applications and any registrations which may be granted pursuant to 
such applications.
"Licensed Patent(s)" means the patents and patent applications listed on Exhibit A
 together with all patents that issue therefrom and all continuations, 
continuations-in-part, divisionals, extensions, substitutions, reissues,
 re-examinations, and renewals of any of the foregoing.
“Licensed Product(s)” means the products listed on Exhibit F.
"Licensed Software" means the Object Code Software and the Source Code Software provided to Licensee pursuant to this License Agreement.
"Losses"
 means all losses, damages, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, 
settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of 
whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees and the costs of 
enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of 
pursuing any insurance providers.
“Object Code Software” means the executable object code version of the software identified in Exhibit C.
"Open Source Components"
 means any software component that is subject to any open source license
 agreement including the open source software components identified in Exhibit F.
“Permitted Encumbrance”
 has the meaning set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement; provided, 
however, that a Permitted Encumbrance shall in all events be subject to 
the rights of Licensee hereunder.
"Person"
 means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited 
liability entity, governmental authority, unincorporated organization, 
trust, association, or other entity.
“Pioneer Agreements”
 means those certain agreements between Licensor and Pioneer Electronics
 dated December 28, 2018, January 14, 2019, and May 8, 2019 and related 
to the LoJack Intellectual Property.
“Purchase Price” has the meaning assigned to that term set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement.
"Representatives"
 means, with respect to a Party, that Party's and its Affiliates' 
employees, officers, directors, consultants, agents, independent 
contractors, service providers, subcontractors, and legal advisors.
2
 

 

“Source Code Software” means the non-executable source code version of the software identified in Exhibit D.
"Territory" means the United States and Canada.
"Trade Secrets"
 means any confidential business information, known on the Effective 
Date, related to the Licensed Products. For avoidance of doubt, Trade 
Secrets include Licensor’s customer lists for the Licensed Products in 
the Territory as of the Effective Date. 
ARTICLE II – LICENSES GRANT
Section 2.1 – Patent and Know-How License.  Subject
 to and conditioned on Licensee's compliance with all other terms and 
conditions of this License Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to 
Licensee, during the Term (subject to Section 5.2), an irrevocable, 
transferable, sublicensable, and non-exclusive right and license under 
the Licensed Patents and Licensed Know-How to practice the Licensed 
Patents solely in the Territory and to make, use, offer to sell, sell, 
and import the Licensed Products or otherwise necessary to conduct the 
Business as currently conducted or any reasonable extensions thereof 
solely in the Territory.
Section 2.2 – Trademark License.
(a) Subject
 to and conditioned on Licensee's compliance with all other terms and 
conditions of this License Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to 
Licensee, an exclusive (including as to Licensor but subject to the 
existing Pioneer Agreements), perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, 
sublicensable license to use the Licensed Marks and Domain Names, solely
 in the Territory, on or in connection with (i) the practice of the 
Licensed Patents and Licensed Know-How and with the manufacture, 
promotion, advertising, distribution, and sale of Licensed Products 
pursuant to the license grant of Section 2.1 or otherwise in 
substantially the same manner as the Licensed Trademarks were used by 
the Business prior to the date of the License Agreement, together with 
natural extensions thereof, including but not limited to, asset 
tracking, or (ii) the business conducted by Buyer and its Affiliates 
prior to the date of this License Agreement, together with natural 
extensions thereof, including, but not limited to (to the extent (if 
any) different from clause (i)), asset tracking. 
(b)  Licensee
 acknowledges the license grant of Section 2.2(a) is subject to the 
Pioneer Agreements.  Licensor agrees that
 no provision of the Pioneer Agreements may be amended, extended, 
modified, or waived without Licensee’s prior written consent. 
Section 2.3 – Software License.  Subject
 to and conditioned on Licensee's compliance with all other terms and 
conditions of this License Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to 
Licensee, during the Term (subject to Section 5.2), a non-exclusive, 
sublicensable, irrevocable, and non-transferable license to use, 
reproduce, distribute, and display the Licensed Software in the 
Territory.
Section 2.4 – Open Source Licenses. The Software includes the Open Source Components, each of which is licensed on their corresponding open source licensing (each, 
3
 

 
an "Open Source License").
 Any use of the Open Source Components by Licensee is governed by, and 
subject to, the terms and conditions of the Open Source License(s).
Section 2.5 – Reservation of Rights.  Licensor hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted to Licensee under this License Agreement.
Section 2.6 – Sublicenses.
 Licensee shall have the right to grant sublicenses to all rights 
licensed pursuant this License Agreement, provided that any such 
sublicense agreement shall be subject to and subordinate to this License
 Agreement. Licensee shall provide to Licensor a copy of each agreement 
pursuant to which Licensee sublicenses its rights hereunder within 
thirty (30) days following execution of such agreement; provided 
that (i) Licensee shall have the right to redact financial 
information, to the extent not publicly announced, and other 
confidential information from such agreement; and (ii) such 
agreement shall, to the extent not otherwise made public, be Licensee’s 
Confidential Information.  Each sublicense granted to any 
sublicensee shall terminate immediately upon the termination of the 
License Agreement.
Section 2.7 – Equity Purchase Agreement.
 Licensor acknowledges that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, any rights in the Licensed Patents, 
Licensed Marks and Domain Names, Licensed Software and Open Source 
Licenses that it has retained are nevertheless subject to the Equity 
Purchase Agreement, including, without limitation, Section 6.14 
(Covenant Not to Compete; Non-Solicitation) thereof.
ARTICLE III – LICENSE RESTRICTIONS
Section 3.1 – Restrictions.  Except
 as this License Agreement expressly permits, and subject to Section 2.4
 with respect to Open Source, Licensee shall not, and shall not permit 
any other Person to:
(a)knowingly
 institute or actively participate as an adverse party in, or otherwise 
provide material support (except as ordered by a Court of Law) to, any 
legal action or administrative proceeding in the Territory to invalidate
 or limit the scope of any Licensed Patent claim, obtain a ruling that 
any Licensed Patent claim is unenforceable or not patentable, or 
invalidate or limit the scope of any Licensed Patent, except that 
Licensee may take such actions if Licensee is sued for infringement of 
the Licensed Patent;
(b)knowingly take,
 omit to take, or permit any action that will or may dilute the Licensed
 Marks or tarnish or bring into disrepute the reputation of or goodwill 
associated with the Licensed Marks or Licensor, or which will or may 
invalidate or jeopardize any registration of the Licensed Marks; 
(c)knowingly
 apply for, or obtain, or assist any Person in applying for or obtaining
 any registration of the Licensed Marks, or any trademark, service mark,
 trade name, or other indicia confusingly similar to the Licensed Marks 
in any country; or
(d)knowingly
 reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, or adapt the Object 
Code Software, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the 
source code of the Object Code Software, in whole or in part.
4
 

 

ARTICLE IV – LICENSE FEE
Section 4.1 – Licenses Grant Fee.  The Parties agree that no
 license(s) grant fee or other upfront payment, other than the 
consideration set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement, shall be owed 
by Licensee to Licensor under this License Agreement.
Section 4.2 – Royalty Fees.  The Parties agree that
 no royalty or other on-going payment shall be owed by Licensee to 
Licensor under this License Agreement, except for the reimbursement 
payments defined in Section 6.2 and Section 7.2.
ARTICLE V – TERM AND TERMINATION
Section 5.1 – Term.
 The term of this License Agreement shall commence as of the Effective 
date and perpetuate thereafter unless terminated earlier pursuant to any
 of this License Agreement’s express provisions, provided that:
(a)the
 term of the license grant of Section 2.1 shall end upon the occurrence 
of both (i) the expiration date of the last Licensed Patent to expire 
and (ii)  the date all claims for relief under the Licensed Patents have
 expired; provided, however, that the license of all Intellectual 
Property licensed under Section 2.1 other than the Licensed Patents 
shall be perpetual,
(b)the term of the license grant of Section 2.2 shall be perpetual, and
(c)the
 term of the license grant of Section 2.3 shall end upon three years 
after the discontinued use of all software of the Licensed Software by 
the Licensee.
Section 5.2 – Termination.  This License Agreement may be terminated at any time:
(a)by
 either Party, effective on written notice to the other Party, if the 
other Party materially breaches this License Agreement and such breach: 
(i) is incapable of cure; or (ii) being capable of cure, remains uncured
 30 calendar days after the non-breaching Party provides the breaching 
Party with written notice of such breach; or
(b)by
 either party, if the other party: (i) is dissolved or liquidated or 
takes any corporate action for such purpose; (ii) becomes insolvent or 
is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due; (iii) becomes 
the subject of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy proceeding under 
any domestic or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency Law; (iv) makes or 
seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or 
(v) applies for, or consents to, the appointment of a trustee, receiver 
or custodian for a substantial part of its property.
  Section 5.3 – Licensor Bankruptcy.  All
 rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by 
Licensor to Licensee are, and shall be deemed to be, for purposes of 
Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code, licenses of rights to 
“intellectual property” as defined under Section 101(35A) of the 
Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that Licensee, as a licensee of the 
Intellectual Property Rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may 
fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code
 in the event a case is commenced by or against the Licensor under the 
Bankruptcy Code and the Licensor rejects this License Agreement pursuant
 to Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code, including the 
5
 

 
right
 of the Licensee to elect under Section 365(n)(l)(B) to retain all of 
the its rights and licenses granted by Licensor that are in existence 
immediately before the commence of such case.
Section 5.4 – Effect of Termination or Expiration.  On the expiration or earlier termination of this License Agreement
 all rights, licenses and authorizations granted to Licensee hereunder 
will immediately terminate and Licensee will (i) immediately cease all 
use of and other activities with respect to the Licensed Patents, 
Licensed Software, Documentation, Licensed Products, and Licensed Marks;
 (ii) within 60 calendar days deliver to Licensor, or at Licensee’s 
election destroy, and permanently erase from all devices and systems 
Licensee directly or indirectly controls, the Licensed Software, 
Documentation, the Licensed Product, any marketing collateral displaying
 the Licensed Marks, and the Licensor's Confidential Information, 
including all documents, files, and tangible materials (and any partial 
and complete copies) containing, reflecting, incorporating, or based on 
any of the foregoing, whether or not modified or merged into other 
materials(provided that nothing herein will require any destruction or 
erasure of materials stored on automatic back-up systems or for archival
 purposes); and (iii) certify to Licensor in a signed written instrument
 that it has complied with the requirements of this Section 5.4.
Section 5.5 – Surviving Terms.  The
 provisions set forth in the following Sections, and any other right, 
obligation or provision under this License Agreement that, by its 
nature, should survive termination or expiration of this License 
Agreement, will survive any expiration or termination of this License 
Agreement: 3, 4, 10, 13, 14, 15, and 16.
ARTICLE VI – PATENT MAINTENANCE AND IMPROVEMENTS
Section 6.1 – Patent Prosecution and Maintenance.  For
 each patent and patent application included within the Licensed 
Patents, Licensor will be solely responsible for, and make all decisions
 concerning, the preparation, filing, and prosecution 
thereof.  Additionally, Licensor shall, at Licensee’s 
discretion and expense, take all reasonable steps to maintain each 
patent of the Licensed Patents in the Territory.  In the event
 Licensee elects not to maintain any Licensed Patent, Licensor shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to maintain any such Licensed 
Patent at its sole expense.  
Section 6.2 – Reimbursement for Patent Maintenance Fees.  In
 the event Licensee elects to maintain any Licensed Patent, Licensor 
shall provide Licensee with copies of receipts of all patent maintenance
 and/or renewal fees of such Licensed Patent for reimbursement 
thereof.  Licensee agrees to reimburse Licensor for those 
patent maintenance and/or renewal fees (including any third-party 
annuity service fees but not related attorney’s fees) within 30 days of 
receiving the copies of receipts.
Section 6.3 – Improvements.  Licensee
 shall have the right to make improvements, modifications, or 
enhancements to the inventions claimed in the Licensed Patents and to 
the Licensed Products (the “Licensee Patent Improvements”).  All
 Licensee Patent Improvements and any intellectual property rights 
therein shall be owned exclusively by Licensee. 
ARTICLE VII – TRADEMARK MAINTENANCE
6
 

 
Section 7.1 – Maintenance of Trademark Registrations.  
For
 each mark included within the Licensed Marks, Licensor shall, at 
Licensee’s discretion and expense, take all reasonable steps to maintain
 the existing registrations of the Licensed Marks and prosecute to 
registration any pending applications, in each case, in the Territory, 
for so long as the Licensed Marks is being used in commerce as required 
by applicable Law. Licensee shall provide, at Licensor's request and at 
Licensee's expense, all necessary assistance with such maintenance and 
prosecution.  In the event Licensee elects not to maintain any
 Licensed Mark, Licensor shall have the right, but not the obligation, 
to maintain any such Licensed Mark at its sole expense.  
Section 7.2 – Reimbursement for Trademark Maintenance Fees.  In
 the event Licensee elects to maintain any Licensed Mark, Licensor shall
 provide Licensee with copies of receipts of all trademark maintenance 
and/or renewal fees of such Licensed Mark for reimbursement 
thereof.  Licensee agrees to reimburse Licensor for those 
patent maintenance and/or renewal fees (including any third-party 
annuity service fees but not related attorney’s fees) within 30 days of 
receiving the copies of receipts.
ARTICLE VIII – SOFTWARE DELIVERY, MAINTENANCE, AND IMPROVEMENTS
Section 8.1 – Delivery of Licensed Software.  Licensor
 shall deliver at least one copy of the Object Code Software and the 
Source Code Software electronically, on tangible media, or by other 
means to Licensee within 20 Business Days 
 of the Effective Date. Risk of loss of any tangible media on which the 
Software is delivered will pass to Licensee on delivery to carrier.
Section 8.2 – Maintenance of Object Code Software.  The
 Object Code Software is provided to Licensee 
“as-is.”  Licensor shall have no obligation to maintain the 
Object Code Software, provide updates or new versions, or otherwise 
support the Object Code Software after the Effective 
Date.  Licensee shall have the right, at its expense, to 
engage a third-party of its choosing to maintain the Object Code 
Software.
Section 8.3 – Maintenance of Source Code Software.  The
 Source Code Software is provided to Licensee 
“as-is.”  Licensor shall have no obligation to maintain the 
Source Code Software, provide updates or new versions, or otherwise 
support the Source Code Software after the Effective 
Date.  Licensee shall have the right, at its expense, to 
engage a third-party of its choosing to maintain the Source Code 
Software.
Section 8.4 – Improvements of Software.  Licensee
 shall have the right to make improvements, modifications, or 
enhancements to the Source Code Software (the “Licensee Software Improvements”).  All Licensee Software Improvements and any intellectual property rights therein shall be owned exclusively by Licensee.
ARTICLE IX – ENFORCEMENT AND THIRD-PARTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS
Section 9.1 – Notice of Infringement or Third-Party Claims.  If
 (a) either Party believes that any Licensed Patent, Licensed Know-How, 
Licensed Marks,  Licensed Software, Trade Secret, or Copyright
 is being infringed or misappropriated by a third party in the 
Territory, or (b) if a third party alleges that any Licensed Patent, 
Licensed Software, or 
7
 

 
Licensed Marks, or Copyright
 is invalid or unenforceable, or claims that a Licensed Product, or its 
use, development, manufacture, or sale infringes such third party's 
intellectual property rights, the Party possessing such belief or 
awareness of such claims shall promptly provide written notice to the 
other Party and provide it with all details of such infringement or 
claim, as applicable, that are known by such Party.
Section 9.2 – Right to Bring Action or Defend
(a)Licensor
 has the right and discretion, but not the obligation, to bring an 
infringement or misappropriation action concerning any Licensed Patent, 
Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secret, Copyright, or Licensed 
Software, defend any declaratory judgment action or US Patent and 
Trademark Office proceeding concerning any Licensed Patent, Licensed 
Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secret, Copyright or Licensed Software 
and take any other lawful action reasonably necessary to protect, 
enforce, or defend any Licensed Patent, Licensed Know-How, Licensed 
Marks, Trade Secret, Copyright or Licensed Software, and control the 
conduct thereof and attempt to resolve any claims relating to any 
Licensed Patent, Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secret, 
Copyright or Licensed Software, including by (a) prosecuting or 
defending any inter partes
 review, post-grant review, covered business method patent review, 
opposition, derivation, interference, declaratory judgment, federal 
district court, US Patent and Trademark Office, US International Trade 
Commission, or other proceeding of any kind, and (b) taking any other 
lawful action that Licensor, in its sole discretion, believes is 
reasonably necessary to protect, enforce, or defend any Licensed Patent,
 Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secret, Copyright or Licensed 
Software. Licensor has the right to prosecute or defend any such 
proceeding in Licensor’s own name or, if required by applicable Law or 
otherwise necessary or desirable for such purposes, in the name of 
Licensee and may join Licensee as a party. Licensor shall bear its own 
costs and expenses in all such proceedings and have the right to control
 the conduct thereof and be represented by counsel of its own choice 
therein.
(b)Licensee
 shall and hereby does irrevocably and unconditionally waive any 
objection to Licensor’s joinder of Licensee to any proceeding described 
in Section 9.2(a) on any grounds whatsoever, including on the grounds of
 personal jurisdiction, venue, or forum non conveniens.
 If Licensor brings or defends any such proceeding, Licensee shall 
cooperate in all respects with Licensor in the conduct thereof, and 
assist in all reasonable ways, including having its employees testify 
when requested, and make available for discovery or trial exhibit 
relevant records, papers, information, samples, specimens, and the like.
(c)In
 the event that Licensor determines that it does not intend to defend 
any declaratory judgment action or US Patent and Trademark Office 
proceeding, Licensor shall inform Licensee of the determination within 
fifteen days of obtaining notice of such action or proceeding, and 
Licensee shall then have the right, but not the obligation, to defend 
such action or proceeding in Licensee’s own name or, if required by 
applicable Law or otherwise necessary or desirable for such purposes, in
 the name of Licensor and may join Licensor as a party. Licensee shall 
bear its own costs and expenses in all such 
8
 

 
actions
 or proceedings and have the right to control the conduct thereof and be
 represented by counsel of its own choice therein.
(d)In
 the event that Licensor does not, within four months of obtaining 
notice of any infringement or misappropriation concerning any Licensed 
Patent, Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secrets, Copyrights or 
Licensed Software, (i) secure cessation of such infringement or 
misappropriation, or (ii) enter suit against the infringing or 
misappropriating party, then Licensee shall then have the right, but not
 the obligation, to bring suit in Licensee’s own name or, if required by
 applicable Law or otherwise necessary or desirable for such purposes, 
in the name of Licensor and may join Licensor as a party. Licensee shall
 bear its own costs and expenses in all such actions or proceedings and 
have the right to control the conduct thereof and be represented by 
counsel of its own choice therein. 
Section 9.3 – Licensee Recovery and Settlement. If
 Licensee undertakes the enforcement or defense of any Licensed Patents,
 Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secret, Copyright, or Licensed
 Software:
(a)any
 recovery, damages, or settlement derived from such suit, action, or 
other proceeding will be retained in its entirety by Licensee; and
(b)Licensee
 may settle any such suit, action, or other proceeding, whether by 
consent order, settlement, or other voluntary final disposition, without
 the prior written approval of Licensor provided that Licensee shall not
 settle any such suit, action, or other proceeding in a manner that 
adversely affects the validity or scope of any of the Licensed Patent, 
Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secrets, Copyrights or Licensed
 Software.
Section 9.4 – Licensor’s Recovery and Settlement. If
 Licensor undertakes the enforcement or defense of any Licensed Patents,
 Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secrets, Copyrights or 
Licensed Software:
(a)any
 recovery, damages, or settlement derived from such suit, action, or 
other proceeding will be retained in its entirety by Licensor; and
(b)Licensor
 may settle any such suit, action, or other proceeding, whether by 
consent order, settlement, or other voluntary final disposition, without
 the prior written approval of Licensee, provided that Licensor shall 
not settle any such suit, action, or other proceeding in a manner that 
adversely affects the rights of Licensee concerning the Licensed Patent,
 Licensed Know-How, Licensed Marks, Trade Secrets, Copyrights or 
Licensed Software.
Section 9.5 – Licensor’s Right to Intervene.  Licensor
 has the right and discretion, but not obligation, to intervene in any 
suit, action, or other proceeding in which the validity of any LoJack 
Intellectual Property is contested or in which the scope of any claim of
 a Licensed Patent is at issue.  
ARTICLE X – INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
9
 

 
Section 10.1 – Intellectual Property Ownership.  
(a)Licensee acknowledges that Licensor is the owner of the Licensed Patents.
(b)Licensee
 acknowledges that (a) Licensor is the owner of the Licensed Marks 
throughout the world and all goodwill related thereto, and (b) all use 
of the Licensed Marks under this License Agreement and any goodwill 
accruing from such use will inure solely to Licensor's benefit. If 
Licensee acquires any rights in the Licensed Marks, by operation of law 
or otherwise, Licensee hereby irrevocably assigns such rights to 
Licensor without further action by any of the parties; and
(c)Licensee
 acknowledges that Licensor is the sole and exclusive owner of all 
right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Software and 
Documentation, including all Intellectual Property Rights relating 
thereto, subject only to the rights of third parties in Open Source 
Components and the license granted to Licensee under this License 
Agreement.  The Licensed Software and Documentation are 
licensed, not sold, to Licensee by Licensor and Licensee does not have 
under or in connection with this License Agreement any ownership 
interest in the Licensed Software or Documentation, or in any related 
Intellectual Property Rights.
Section 10.2 – No Implied Rights.  Except
 for the rights and licenses expressly granted under this License 
Agreement, nothing in this License Agreement grants, by implication, 
waiver, estoppel or otherwise, to Licensee or any third party any 
Intellectual Property Rights or other right, title, or interest in or to
 any of the Licensed Patents, Licensed Know-how, Licensed Marks, 
Licensed Software, Licensed Product, or Documentation.
ARTICLE XI – QUALITY CONTROL
Section 11.1 – Acknowledgement.  Licensee
 acknowledges and is familiar with the high standards, quality, style, 
and image of Licensor, and Licensee at all times shall conduct its 
business and use the Licensed Marks in a manner consistent with these 
standards, quality, style, and image and pursuant to Licensee’s 
obligation under Section 3.1(b).
Section 11.2 – Compliance with Licensor Specifications.  Licensee
 shall comply with the specifications, standards, and directions 
relating to the Licensed Products, including their design, manufacture, 
promotion, packaging, distribution, and sale as notified in writing by 
Licensor from time to time.
Section 11.3 – Submission of Materials for Approval.  Upon
 request by Licensor, Licensee shall, at its own expense, supply a 
reasonable number of production samples of the Licensed Products or 
other products produced in connection with the practice of the Licensed 
Patents to Licensor for approval, which may be given or withheld in 
Licensor's sole discretion. If Licensor rejects any sample, it shall 
give written notice of such rejection to Licensee within 60 calendar 
days of Licensor's receipt of the sample. Licensee shall immediately 
cease distribution of such Licensed Products and shall not recommence 
distribution until Licensor confirms in writing that it may do so. In 
the absence of a written 
10
 

 
notice of rejection, within 60 calendar days of receipt of a sample, the sample will be deemed to have been approved by Licensor.
Section 11.4 – Rejected, Damaged, or Defective Products.  Licensee
 shall not sell, market, distribute, or use for any purpose, or permit 
any third party to sell, market, distribute, or use for any purpose, any
 Licensed Products that Licensor rejects, or that are damaged or 
defective.
Section 11.5 – Complaints.  Licensee
 shall promptly provide Licensor with details of any complaints it has 
received relating to the Licensed Products together with reports on the 
manner in which such complaints are being, or have been, resolved and 
shall comply with any reasonable directions given by Licensor concerning
 such complaints.
ARTICLE XII – COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
Section 12.1 – Patent Marking.  Licensee
 shall comply with the patent marking provisions of 35 USC § 287(a) by 
marking all Licensed Products with the word "patent" or the abbreviation
 "pat." and either the numbers of the relevant Licensed Patents or a web
 address that is freely accessible to the public and that associates the
 Licensed Products with the relevant Licensed Patents. Licensee shall 
also comply with the patent marking Laws of the relevant countries in 
the Territory.
Section 12.2 – Trademark Notices.  Licensee
 shall ensure that all Licensed Products sold by Licensee and all 
related quotations, specifications, and descriptive literature, and all 
other materials carrying the Licensed Marks, be marked with the 
appropriate trademark notices in accordance with Licensor's 
instructions.
Section 12.3 – Export Compliance.  The
 Licensed Software and Licensed Products may be subject to US export 
control laws, including the US Export Control Reform Act and its 
associated regulations. Licensee will not directly or indirectly, 
export, re-export, or release the Licensed Software or Licensed Products
 to, or make the Licensed Software or Licensed Products accessible from,
 any country, jurisdiction or Person to which export, re-export, or 
release is prohibited by applicable Law.  Licensee will comply with all 
applicable Laws and complete all required undertakings (including 
obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval) 
prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing, or otherwise making the 
Licensed Software or Licensed Products available outside the US.
Section 12.4 – Compliance with Laws.  In
 exercising its rights under this License Agreement, Licensee shall 
comply with, and shall ensure that each Licensed Product sold or 
otherwise supplied by Licensee complies with, all applicable 
Laws.  Licensee
 shall promptly provide Licensor with copies of all communications with 
any governmental, regulatory, or industry authority relating to the 
Licensed Marks or the Licensed Products if permitted by law.
ARTICLE XIII – CONFIDENTIALITY
Section 13.1 – Confidential Information.  In connection with this License Agreement, each Party (as the "Disclosing Party") may disclose or make available 
11
 

 
Confidential Information to the other Party (as the "Receiving Party"). Subject to Section 13.2, "Confidential Information"
 means information in any form or medium (whether oral, written, 
electronic or other) that: (a) if disclosed in writing or other tangible
 form or medium, is marked "confidential" or "proprietary"; (b) if 
disclosed orally or in other intangible form or medium, is identified by
 the Disclosing Party or its Representative as confidential or 
proprietary when disclosed and summarized and marked "confidential" or 
"proprietary" in writing by the Disclosing Party or its Representative 
within seven days after disclosure; or (c) due to the nature of its 
subject matter or the circumstances surrounding its disclosure, would 
reasonably be understood to be confidential or proprietary. Without 
limiting the foregoing the financial terms of this License Agreement are the Confidential Information of Licensor.
Section 13.2 – Exclusions.  Confidential
 Information does not include information that the Receiving Party can 
demonstrate by written or other documentary records: (a) was rightfully 
known to the Receiving Party without restriction on use or disclosure 
prior to such information being disclosed or made available to the 
Receiving Party in connection with this License Agreement; (b) was or 
becomes generally known by the public other than by the Receiving 
Party's or any of its Representatives' noncompliance with this License 
Agreement; (c) was or is received by the Receiving Party on a 
non-confidential basis from a third party that was not or is not, at the
 time of such receipt, under any obligation to maintain its 
confidentiality; or (d) the Receiving Party can demonstrate by written 
or other documentary records was or is independently developed by the 
Receiving Party without reference to or use of any Confidential 
Information.
Section 13.3 – Protection of Confidential Information.  As a condition to being provided with any disclosure of or access to Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall:
(a)not
 access or use Confidential Information other than as necessary to 
exercise its rights or perform its obligations under and in accordance 
with this License Agreement; 
(b)except
 as may be permitted under the terms and conditions of Section 13.4, not
 disclose or permit access to Confidential Information other than to its
 Representatives who: (i) need to know such Confidential Information for
 purposes of the Receiving Party's exercise of its rights or performance
 of its obligations under and in accordance with this License Agreement;
 (ii) have been informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential 
Information and the Receiving Party's obligations under this Section 13;
 and (iii) are bound by confidentiality and restricted use obligations 
at least as protective of the Confidential Information as the terms set 
forth in this Section 13;
(c)safeguard
 the Confidential Information from unauthorized use, access or 
disclosure using at least the degree of care it uses to protect its 
similarly sensitive information and in no event less than a reasonable 
degree of care; 
(d)promptly
 notify the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized use or disclosure of 
Confidential Information and use its best efforts to prevent further 
unauthorized use or disclosure; and 
(e)ensure
 its Representatives' compliance with, and be responsible and liable for
 any of its Representatives' non-compliance with, the terms of this 
Section 13.
12
 

 

Notwithstanding
 any other provisions of this License Agreement, the Receiving Party's 
obligations under this Section 13 with respect to any Confidential 
Information that constitutes a trade secret under any applicable Law 
will continue until such time, if ever, as such Confidential Information
 ceases to qualify for trade secret protection under one or more such 
applicable Laws other than as a result of any act or omission of the 
Receiving Party or any of its Representatives.
Section 13.4 – Compelled Disclosures.  If
 the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives is compelled by 
applicable Law to disclose any Confidential Information then, to the 
extent permitted by applicable Law, the Receiving Party will: (a) 
promptly, and prior to such disclosure, notify the Disclosing Party in 
writing of such requirement so that the Disclosing Party can seek a 
protective order or other remedy or waive its rights under Section 13.3;
 and (b) provide reasonable assistance to the Disclosing Party in 
opposing such disclosure or seeking a protective order or other 
limitations on disclosure. If the Disclosing Party waives compliance or,
 after providing the notice and assistance required under this Section 
13.4, the Receiving Party remains required by Law to disclose any 
Confidential Information, the Receiving Party will disclose only that 
portion of the Confidential Information that, on the advice of the 
Receiving Party's legal counsel, the Receiving Party is legally required
 to disclose and, on the Disclosing Party's request, will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain assurances from the applicable
 court or other presiding authority that such Confidential Information 
will be afforded confidential treatment.
ARTICLE XIV – REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Section 14.1 – Mutual Representations and Warranties.  Each Party represents, warrants, and covenants to the other Party that:
(a)it
 is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a 
corporation or other entity under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or other organization;
(b)it
 has the full right, power, and authority to enter into and perform its 
obligations and grant the rights, licenses, and authorizations it grants
 and is required to grant under this License Agreement;
(c)the
 execution of this License Agreement by its representative whose 
signature is set forth at the end of this License Agreement has been 
duly authorized by all necessary corporate or organizational action of 
such Party; and
(d)when
 executed and delivered by both Parties, this License Agreement will 
constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, 
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms.
Section 14.2 – Licensor Representations and Warranties.  Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee that:
(a)Licensor
 has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery by Licensor
 of this License Agreement, the performance by Licensor of its 
obligations hereunder and the 
13
 

 
consummation
 by Licensor of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and 
validly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of 
Licensor, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Licensor or 
any holders of its equity are required to authorize this License Agreement or for Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This License Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Licensor, and (assuming the due and valid authorization, execution and delivery by Licensee) this License Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Licensor enforceable against Licensor in accordance with its terms.
(b)The
 execution and delivery by Licensor of this License Agreement, the 
performance by Licensor of its obligations hereunder, and the 
consummation by Licensor of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not
 and will not: (i) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, 
or default under, any provision of the certificate of incorporation, 
by-laws or other organizational documents of Licensor; (ii) conflict 
with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Law or 
Governmental Order applicable to Licensor; (iii) require any consent, 
notice, authorization, approval, waiver or other action by any Person 
under, or result in any other adverse consequence under, conflict with, 
result in a violation or breach of, constitute a default or an event 
that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
 default under, result in the acceleration of or create in any party the
 right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel any Contract or Permit
 to which Licensor is a party; (iv) result in the creation or imposition
 of any Encumbrance other than Permitted Encumbrances on the LoJack 
Intellectual Property, or (v) with the passage of time, the giving of 
notice or the taking of any action by another Person, have any of the 
effects described in clauses (i) through (iv) of this clause (b).
(c)Licensor is the owner of the entire right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Patents, Licensed Marks, Trade Secrets, Copyrights and Licensed Software, free and clear of all Encumbrances, and that it has the right and power to grant the licenses granted herein.
Section 14.3 – Licensee Representations and Warranties.  Licensee represents and warrants to Licensor that:
(a)Licensee
 has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery by Licensee
 of this Agreement, the performance by Licensee of its obligations 
hereunder and the consummation by Licensee of the transactions 
contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all 
requisite corporate action on the part of Licensee, and no other 
corporate proceedings on the part of Licensee or any holders of its 
equity are required to authorize this Agreement or for Seller to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been
 duly and validly executed and delivered by Licensee, and (assuming the 
due and valid authorization, execution and delivery by Licensor) this 
Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Licensee 
enforceable against Licensee in accordance with its terms.
14
 

 
(b)The execution and delivery by Licensee of this Agreement, the performance by Licensee of its obligations hereunder, and the consummation by Licensee of the transactions contemplated hereby, do not and will not: (i)
 conflict with or result in a violation or breach of, or default under, 
any provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other 
organizational documents of Licensee; (ii) conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Law or Governmental Order applicable to Licensee;
 (iii) require any consent, notice, authorization, approval, waiver or 
other action by any Person under, or result in any other adverse 
consequence under, conflict with, result in a violation or breach of, 
constitute a default or an event that, with or without notice or lapse 
of time or both, would constitute a default under, result in the 
acceleration of or create in any party the right to accelerate, 
terminate, modify or cancel any Contract or Permit to which Licensee is a
 party; or (iv)
 with the passage of time, the giving of notice or the taking of any 
action by another Person, have any of the effects described in clauses (i) through (iii) of this clause (b).
(c)Licensee will employee technical,
 physical, and administrative data security measures and controls 
consistent with the sensitivity of any personal data it may acquire from
 users of the Licensed Product or Licensed Software, or that is 
otherwise required by any applicable data security laws.
Section 14.4 – DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  ALL
 LICENSED SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, LICENSED PRODUCTS, AND OTHER 
PRODUCTS, INFORMATION, MATERIALS, AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY LICENSOR ARE 
PROVIDED "AS IS." LICENSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
 OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, 
USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, LICENSOR MAKES
 NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, 
LICENSED PRODUCTS, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR RESULTS OF THE USE THEREOF, WILL 
MEET LICENSEE'S OR OTHER PERSONS' REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT 
INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH 
ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEMS, OR OTHER SERVICES, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, 
COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE OR ERROR FREE. ALL OPEN SOURCE COMPONENTS
 AND OTHER THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF OR CONCERNING ANY OF THEM IS STRICTLY 
BETWEEN LICENSEE AND THE THIRD-PARTY OWNER OR DISTRIBUTOR OF SUCH OPEN 
SOURCE COMPONENTS AND THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS.
ARTICLE XV – INDEMNIFICATION
Section 15.1 – Licensor Indemnification.  Licensor
 shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensee and its Affiliates,
 and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees, 
agents, subcontractors, successors and permitted assigns (each, a "Licensee Indemnitee")
 from and against any and all Losses by Licensee resulting from (a) any 
Action by a third party that the Licensed Software or Licensed Product, 
as of the Effective Date, infringes or 
15
 

 
misappropriates such third party's Intellectual Property Rights in the Territory or (b) relating
 to facts that constitute a breach by Licensor of any representation, 
warranty, covenant or obligation under this License Agreement. This Section 15.1 does not apply to the extent that the alleged infringement arises from:
(a)combination,
 operation, or use of the Licensed Software and/or Licensed Product in 
or with, any technology (including any software, hardware, firmware, 
system, or network) or service not provided by Licensor or specified for
 Licensee's use in the Documentation;
(b)modification, change, or improvement of the Licensed Software and/or Licensed Product;
(c)use
 of the Licensed Software and/or Licensed Product after Licensor's 
notice to Licensee of such activity's alleged or actual infringement, 
misappropriation, or other violation of a third party's rights;
(d)negligence,
 abuse, misapplication, or misuse of the Licensed Software and/or 
Licensed Product by or on behalf of Licensee, Licensee's 
Representatives, or a third party;
(e)use
 of the Licensed Software and/or Licensed Product by or on behalf of 
Licensee that is outside the purpose, scope, or manner of use authorized
 by this License Agreement; 
(f) events or circumstances outside of Licensor's commercially reasonable control; or
(g)Third-Party Claims or Losses for which Licensee is obligated to indemnify Licensor pursuant to Section 15.2.
Section 15.2 – Licensee Indemnification.  Licensee
 shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensor and its Affiliates,
 and each of its and their respective officers, directors, employees, 
agents, subcontractors, successors and permitted assigns (each, a "Licensor Indemnitee") from and against any and all Losses incurred by the Licensor Indemnitee resulting from any Action by a third party:
(a)that
 any Intellectual Property Rights or other right of any Person, or any 
Law, is or will be infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated by 
any information, materials, or technology directly or indirectly 
provided by Licensee or directed by Licensee to be installed, combined, 
integrated, or used with, as part of, or in connection with the Licensed
 Product, Licensed Software, Licensed Know-How, or Documentation;
(b)Licensee’s negligence in the promotion, marketing, or advertisement the Licensed Product or Licensed Software;
(c)any
 product liability claim based on a design or manufacturing defect in 
any modification, change, or improvement made by Licensee or a 
Representative of Licensee to the Licensed Product or Licensed Software,
 t;
(d)relating
 to facts that constitute a breach by Licensee of any representation, 
warranty, covenant, or obligation under this License Agreement; or
16
 

 
(e)relating to gross negligence, or more culpable act or omission (including recklessness or willful misconduct) by or on behalf of Licensee with respect to the Licensed Patents, Licensed Trademarks, Licensed Software, Licensed Know-How, or Documentation or otherwise in connection with this License Agreement.
Section 15.3 – SOLE REMEDY.  THIS
 SECTION 15 SETS FORTH LICENSEE'S SOLE REMEDIES AND LICENSOR'S SOLE 
LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION FOR ANY ACTUAL, THREATENED, OR ALLEGED CLAIMS 
THAT THE LICENSED PRODUCT, OTHER PRODUCT PRODUCED IN CONNECTION WITH THE
 PRACTICE OF THE LICENSED PATENTS, LICENSED MARKS, LICENSED SOFTWARE, 
LICENSED KNOW-HOW, DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS LICENSE 
AGREEMENT INFRINGES, MISAPPROPRIATES, OR OTHERWISE VIOLATES ANY 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY.
ARTICLE XVI – LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Section 16.1 – EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  EXCEPT
 AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SECTION 16.3, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY, 
OR ANY OF THEIR SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER UNDER ANY 
LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
 NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE, FOR ANY (a) INCREASED 
COSTS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE OR LOST BUSINESS, PRODUCTION, REVENUES OR 
PROFITS, (b) LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, (c) USE, INABILITY TO USE, 
LOSS, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR RECOVERY OF ANY LICENSED SOFTWARE OR OPEN 
SOURCE COMPONENTS OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, (d) LOSS, DAMAGE, 
CORRUPTION, OR RECOVERY OF DATA, OR BREACH OF DATA OR SYSTEM SECURITY, 
(e) COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS OR SERVICES, OR (f) CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, ENHANCED, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
 IN EACH CASE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PERSONS WERE ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE 
OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR 
OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Section 16.2 – CAP ON MONETARY LIABILITY.  EXCEPT
 AS EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN SECTION 16.3, IN NO EVENT WILL THE 
AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY AND THEIR SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE 
PROVIDERS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, WHETHER 
ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, 
EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FOUR MILLION DOLLARS ($4,000,000). THE 
FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL 
PURPOSE.
17
 

 
Section 16.3 – Exceptions.  The exclusions and limitations in Sections 16.1 and Section 16.2 do not apply to liability for the Party’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
ARTICLE XVII – MISCELLANEOUS
Section 17.1 – Further Assurances.  On
 a Party's reasonable request, the other Party shall, at the requesting 
Party's sole cost and expense, execute and deliver all such documents 
and instruments, and take all such further actions, as may be necessary 
to give full effect to this License Agreement.
Section 17.2 – Relationship of the Parties.  The
 relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors. 
Nothing contained in this License Agreement will be construed as 
creating any agency, partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint 
enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship between the Parties, 
and neither Party shall have authority to contract for or bind the other
 Party in any manner whatsoever.
Section 17.3 – Public Announcements.  Neither
 Party shall issue or release any announcement, statement, press 
release, or other publicity or marketing materials relating to this 
License Agreement or, unless expressly permitted under this License 
Agreement, otherwise use the other Party's trademarks, service marks, 
trade names, logos, domain names, or other indicia of source, 
association or sponsorship, in each case, without the prior written 
consent of the other Party, which shall not be unreasonably delayed or 
withheld, provided, however, that Licensor may, without Licensee's 
consent, include Licensee's name and other indicia in its lists of 
Licensor's current or former customers of Licensor in promotional and 
marketing materials.
Section 17.4 – Notices.  Any
 notice, request, consent, claim, demand, waiver, or other communication
 under this License Agreement have legal effect only if in writing and 
addressed to a Party as follows (or to such other address or such other 
person that such addressee Party may designate from time to time in 
accordance with this Section 17.4):




If to Licensor:

CalAmp Wireless Networks Corporation
5635 Alton Parkway, Suite 250
Irvine, CA 92618
Attention: Stephen Moran, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary



with a copy to:

Barnes & Thornburg, LLP
655 W Broadway UNIT 1300
San Diego, CA 92101
Attention: Eric Beste; Lee Kolodny



If to Licensee:

SVRUSA Co., LLC
16802 Aston
Irvine, CA  92606
Attention: Kevin Weiss

18
 

 




with a copy to:

Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP
One Battery Park Plaza
New York, NY 10004
Attention:Charles A. Samuelson


Notices
 sent in accordance with this Section 17.4 will be deemed effectively 
given: (a) when received, if delivered by hand, with signed confirmation
 of receipt; (b) when received, if sent by a nationally recognized 
overnight courier, signature required; and (d) on the third Business Day
 after the date mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid.
Section 17.5 – Interpretation.  For
 purposes of this License Agreement: (a) the words "include," "includes"
 and "including" are deemed to be followed by the words "without 
limitation"; (b) the word "or" is not exclusive; (c) the words "herein,"
 "hereof," "hereby," "hereto" and "hereunder" refer to this License 
Agreement as a whole; (d) words denoting the singular have a comparable 
meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa; and (e) words denoting 
any gender include all genders. Unless the context otherwise requires, 
references in this License Agreement: (x) to sections, exhibits, 
schedules, attachments, and appendices mean the sections of, and 
exhibits, schedules, attachments, and appendices attached to, this 
License Agreement; (y) to an agreement, instrument or other document 
means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, 
supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by 
the provisions thereof; and (z) to a statute means such statute as 
amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto
 and any regulations promulgated thereunder. The Parties intend this 
License Agreement to be construed without regard to any presumption or 
rule requiring construction or interpretation against the Party drafting
 an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The exhibits, 
schedules, attachments, and appendices referred to herein are an 
integral part of this License Agreement to the same extent as if they 
were set forth verbatim herein.
Section 17.6 – Headings.  The headings in this License Agreement are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this License Agreement.
Section 17.7 – Entire Agreement.  This
 License Agreement, together with the Exhibits, constitutes the sole and
 entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of 
this License Agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous 
understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both 
written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.
Section 17.8 – No Encumbrances.  Except
 for the allowed actions of the Licensor under Section 6.1 and any 
Permitted Encumbrance, Licensor shall not enter into any agreement or 
otherwise take any actions or omit to take any actions in conflict with,
 or that would or might reasonably be expected to encumber or diminish, 
the license and the other rights granted to Licensee hereunder, 
provided, however, that any security interest in any of 
19
 

 
the LoJack Intellectual Property shall not be deemed in violation of this Section 17.8, so long as any security interest in any of the LoJack Intellectual Property does not have an adverse effect on Licensee’s rights hereunder.
Section 17.9 – Successors and Assigns.
 This License Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations 
hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, 
however, that except that Licensee may collaterally assign its rights 
hereunder to its lenders and either party may assign its rights 
hereunder to its Affiliates. No assignment shall relieve the assigning 
party of any of its obligations hereunder. Any direct or indirect change
 of control (as “control” is defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) 
shall be deemed to be an assignment of this Agreement.  Any 
assignment in violation of this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio,
Section 17.10 – Force Majeure.
(a)No Breach or Default.
 In no event will either Party be liable or responsible to the other 
Party, or be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this License 
Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term
 of this License Agreement, (except for any obligations to make 
payments), when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by any
 circumstances beyond such Party's reasonable control (a "Force Majeure Event"),
 including acts of God, flood, fire, earthquake or explosion, war, 
terrorism, invasion, riot or other civil unrest, embargoes or blockades 
in effect on or after the Effective Date, national or regional 
emergency, strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial 
disturbances, passage of Law or any action taken by a governmental or 
public authority, including imposing an export or import restriction, 
quota, or other restriction or prohibition or any complete or partial 
government shutdown, or national or regional shortage of adequate power 
or telecommunications or transportation. The preceding sentence 
notwithstanding, the COVID-19 pandemic is not and shall not be 
considered a Force Majeure Event.
(b)Affected Party Obligations.
 In the event of any failure or delay caused by a Force Majeure Event, 
the affected Party will give prompt written notice to the other Party 
stating the period of time the occurrence is expected to continue and 
use diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and minimize the 
effects of such Force Majeure Event.
Section 17.11 – No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This
 License Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties hereto and 
their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, 
express or implied, is intended to or will confer on any other Person 
any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature 
whatsoever under or by reason of this License Agreement.
Section 17.12 – Amendment and Modification; Wavier.  No
 amendment to or modification of or rescission, termination, or 
discharge of this License Agreement is effective unless it is in 
writing, identified as an amendment to or rescission, termination, or 
discharge of this License Agreement and signed by an authorized 
representative of each Party. No waiver by any Party of any of the 
provisions hereof is effective unless explicitly set forth 
20
 

 
in writing and signed by the Party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this License Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this License Agreement
 will operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor will any single 
or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any 
other right, remedy, power, or privilege.
Section 17.13 – Severability.  If
 any provision of this License Agreement is invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or 
unenforceability will not affect any other term or provision of this 
License Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or 
provision in any other jurisdiction. On such determination that any term
 or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties 
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this License Agreement so
 as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible 
in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions 
contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the 
greatest extent possible.
Section 17.14 – Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.  This
 License Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the 
internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any 
choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would require or permit
 the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the
 State of Delaware. 
Section 17.15 – Equitable Relief.  Licensee
 acknowledges and agrees that a breach or threatened breach by Licensee 
of any of its obligations under Sections 2, 3, 10, and 13 of this 
License Agreement would cause Licensor irreparable harm for which 
monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and that, in the event 
of such breach or threatened breach, Licensor will be entitled to 
equitable relief, including in a restraining order, an injunction, 
specific performance, and any other relief that may be available from 
any court of competent jurisdiction, without any requirement to post a 
bond or other security, or to prove actual damages or that monetary 
damages are not an adequate remedy. Such remedies are not exclusive and 
are in addition to all other remedies that may be available at law, in 
equity, or otherwise.
Section 17.16 – Attorney’s Fees.  In
 the event that any action, suit, or other legal or administrative 
proceeding is instituted or commenced by either Party against the other 
Party arising out of or related to this License Agreement, the 
prevailing Party is entitled to recover its actual attorneys' fees and 
court costs from the non-prevailing Party.
Section 17.17 – Counterparts.  This
 License Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall 
together constitute one and the same instrument. The Parties agree that 
this License Agreement may be signed electronically pursuant to the 
ESIGN Act. The Parties agree that the electronic signatures appearing on
 this License Agreement are the same as handwritten signatures for the 
purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility.
[signature page follows]
21
 

 

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Intellectual 
Property License Agreement as of the date first above written.
 




CalAmp Wireless Networks Corporation,
a Delaware corporation

 

SVRUSA Co., LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company



By:

/s/ Jeff Gardner

 

By:

/s/ Jeff Gardner



Name:

Jeff Gardner

 

Name:

Jeff Gardner



Title:

CEO

 

Title:

CEO


 
22
 

 
Exhibit A
LICENSED PATENTS
 















Ref #

Date Filed

App. No.

Patent No.

Title

Matter Type

Cnty

Notes

Status



324757

Sep 25, 2001

09962956

6665613

Method of and Apparatus for Dynamically Goefencing Movable Vehicle and Other Equipment and the Like

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324791

May 17, 2002

10150818

7536169

Method
 of and Apparatus for Utilizing Geographically Spread Cellular Radio 
Networks to Supplement More Geographically Limited Stolen Vehicle 
Recovery Radio Networks in Activation of Radio Tracking and Recovery of 
Such Vehicles

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324795

Sep 20, 2002

2485005

2485005

RADIO TRACKING OF VEHICLE MOVEMENTS

Utility - NSPCT

CA

 

Issued



324797

Mar 11, 2009

12381381

8086215

Method
 of and Apparatus for Utilizing Geographically Spread Cellular Radio 
Networks to Supplement More Geographically Limited Stolen Vehicle 
Recovery Networks in Activation of Radio Tracking and Recovery of Such 
Vehicles

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued



324820

Sep 10, 2002

10241259

7973649

Method
 of an Apparatus for Sensing the Unauthorized Movement of Vehicles and 
the Like and Generating An Alarm or Warning of Vehicle Theft

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324827

Jul 8, 2004

10886870

7561102

Method
 of and System for Expanding Localized Missing Customer-Vehicle Law 
Enforcement-Aided Vhf Recovery Networks With Location-On-Demand 
Supplemental Service Features via Such Networks for Improved Law 
Enforcement-Aided Recovery, and via the Internet for Providing

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324836

May 18, 2005

11131847

7593711

Vehicle Locating Unit with Improved Power Management Method

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324851

Aug 12, 2009

12462949

7853218

Vehicle Locating Unit with Improved Power Management Method

Utility - DIV

US

 

Issued



324883

May 18, 2005

11131846

7511606

Vehicle Locating Unit with Input Voltage Protection

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324918

Jul 23, 2003

10626119

7091835

Vehicle Location System Using a Kinetic Network

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324919

Jul 23, 2003

2435839

2435839

Vehicle Location System Using a Kinetic Network

Utility - ORG

CA

 

Issued



324929

Sep 19, 2005

11229736

8787823

Recovery System with Repeating Communication Capabilities

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324930

May 22, 2006

11438586

7664462

Recovery System with De-Queue Logic

Utility - CIP

US

Maintenance fee due 8/16/2021

Issued



324931

Jul 17, 2014

14333918

9592794

Recovery System with Repeating Communication Capabilities

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued



324932

Feb 1, 2017

15422104

10286874

Recovery System with Repeating Communication Capabilities

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued

23
 

 















324933

May 13, 2019

16410929

10549720

Recovery System with Repeating Communication Capabilities

Utility - DIV

US

 

Issued



324934

Feb 3, 2020

16780223

 

Recovery System with Repeating Communication Capabilities

Utility - CON

US

Awaiting Examination

Pending



324935

Mar 12, 2007

11716793

8149142

Adaptive Range Vehicle Locating Unit, Vehicle Tracking Unit and Vehicle Recovery System including same

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324948

Feb 12, 2009

12378242

8013735

Asset Recovery System

Utility - NPREG

US

 

Issued



324951

Feb 12, 2009

2715377

2715377

Asset Recovery System

Utility - NSPCT

CA

 

Issued



324968

Jun 9, 2009

12455927

8169328

Proximity Monitoring and Locating System

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324972

Oct 23, 2009

12589498

8618957

Power Management System and Method for Vehicle Locating Unit

Utility - ORG

US

Maintenance fee due 6/30/2021

Issued



324977

Dec 2, 2013

14093982

9565636

Power Management System and Method for Vehicle Locating Unit

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued



324978

Jan 11, 2017

15403824

10212663

Power Management System and Method for Vehicle Locating Unit

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued



324991

Sep 16, 2009

12586054

8339220

Surface Acoustic Wave Resonator Filter

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324992

Oct 22, 2009

12589367

8242810

Fast Settling, Bit Slicing Comparator Circuit

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



324999

Oct 14, 2010

12925159

8630605

Synchronization
 System and Method for Achieving Low Power Battery Operation of a 
Vehicle Locating Unit in a Stolen Vehicle Recovery System Which Receives
 Periodic Transmissions

Utility - NPREG

US

Maintenance fee due 7/14/2021

Issued



325003

Nov 18, 2013

14082683

9112674

Synchronization
 System and Method for Achieving Low Power Battery Operation of a 
Vehicle Locating Unit in a Stolen Vehicle Recovery System Which Receives
 Periodic Transmissions

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued



325004

Aug 17, 2015

14827992

9480037

Synchronization
 System and Method for Achieving Low Power Battery Operation of a 
Vehicle Locating Unit in a Stolen Vehicle Recovery System Which Receives
 Periodic Transmissions

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued



325010

Oct 21, 2009

12589288

8229518

Duty Cycle Estimation System and Method

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



325025

Oct 23, 2009

12589430

8130050

Dual Table Temperature Compensated Voltage Controlled Crystal Oscillator System and Method

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



325026

Oct 23, 2009

12589431

8169279

Notched Saw Image Frequency Rejection Filter System

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



325032

Jun 24, 2010

12803338

8350695

Body Coupled Antenna System and Personal Locator Unit Utilizing Same

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



325033

May 17, 2013

13896674

9088398

Low-Power Wireless Vehicle Locating Unit

Utility - NPREG

US

 

Issued



325036

May 17, 2013

3057093

 

Low Power Wireless Vehicle Locating Unit

Utility - DIV

CA

To Be Abandoned

Pending



325038

Jul 16, 2015

14801148

9661456

Low-Power Wireless Vehicle Locating Unit

Utility - CON

US

 

Issued

24
 

 















325106

Feb 1, 2017

15422124

10461410

Coaxial Helix Antennas

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



325107

Oct 28, 2019

16665658

 

Coaxial Helix Antennas

Utility - CON

US

Allowed

Pending



325108

Jun 30, 2020

16916700

 

Coaxial Helix Antennas

Utility - CON

US

To Be Abandoned

Pending - Missing Parts



325109

Jul 5, 2017

15642214

10135407

High Efficiency Transmit-Receive Switches

Utility - ORG

US

 

Issued



325110

Oct 5, 2017

15726187

10367457

Single Stage Ramped Power Amplifiers

Utility - NPREG

US

 

Issued



325124

Aug 22, 2017

15683022

10461868

Systems and Methods for Reducing Undesirable Behaviors in RF Communications

Utility - NPREG

US

 

Issued



325125

Oct 28, 2019

16665655

 

Systems and Methods for Reducing Undesirable Behaviors in RF Communications

Utility - CON

US

Allowed
Issue Date: 03/16/2021

Pending



325126

Jun 26, 2020

16913264

 

Systems and Methods for Reducing Undesirable Behaviors in RF Communications

Utility - CON

US

To Be Abandoned

Pending - Missing Parts



325128

Aug 22, 2017

15683000

10243766

Systems and Methods for Determining and Compensating for Offsets in RF Communications

Utility - NPREG

US

 

Issued


 
25
 

 
EXHIBIT B
LICENSED MARKS
 















Ref #

DATE FILED

App. No.

Title

Reg. Date

Reg. No.

MATTER TYPE

CNTY

STATUS



325396

May 23, 1989

632805

LOJACK

Dec 21, 1990

TMA377587

Trademark - ORG

CA

Registered



325397

Jul 5, 2007

1354620

LOJACK FOR LAPTOPS

Jul 25, 2008

719334

Trademark - ORG

CA

Registered



325485

Sep 12, 2001

78083612

LO JACK EARLY WARNING

Apr 6, 2004

2830728

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325486

Mar 22, 2013

85883821

LOJACK

Feb 21, 2017

5146898

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325487

Mar 22, 2013

85982340

LOJACK

Sep 9, 2014

4602801

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325489

Mar 14, 2002

76385560

LOJACK

Feb 25, 2003

2690539

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325490

Jun 1, 1987

73664068

LO-JACK

Mar 29, 1988

1482211

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325491

Mar 14, 2002

76385559

LOJACK & DESIGN

Feb 25, 2003

2690538

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325492

May 29, 2013

85944833

LOJACK & DESIGN

Feb 7, 2017

5137805

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325493

Jul 11, 2005

76642613

LOJACK FOR LAPTOPS

Jul 17, 2007

3265559

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325494

Mar 14, 2002

76385557

LOJACK LIGHTNING BOLT DESIGN

Feb 25, 2003

2690537

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



325495

Mar 14, 2002

76385558

THE LOJACK TRACKER

Mar 11, 2003

2695299

Trademark - ORG

US

Registered



327097

Sep 30, 2020

90226934

LOJACK Logo

 

 

Trademark - ORG

US

Filed


 

26
 

 
EXHIBIT C
OBJECT CODE SOFTWARE
 








Software Module

Description



SureDrive 1.0

Consumer Mobile App



SureDrive 2.0

Consumer Mobile App



LotSmart

Dealer Inventory Management Mobile and Web Apps



LoJack Dealer Portal

Dealer Invoicing and Installation Scheduling Web Application



MIT

LoJack Installer Application



Viryanet

LoJack Installer Scheduling Application



Early Warning

Application that Sends Warning to Users with Keyfobs when their Car is Moving Without the Keyfob



Uplink Central

Message
 Forwarder that drops messages from LAPD into a LojackOne file folder, 
and which is picked up from that directory by ARTS.



Legacy SVRN

Application Residing in LAPD



LE Reporting Tools

Used by LoJack Law Enforcement Personnel



LoJack DB (Enigma)

Central LoJack DB



ARTS (Next Gen LoJack SVR Service)

Main LoJack US SVR Service



VLU9

LoJack Vehicle Locator Firmware



VLU7

Vehicle Locator Firmware



VTU3

Police Tracking Computer (PTC) Firmware


 
 

27
 

 
EXHIBIT D
SOURCE CODE SOFTWARE
 
 








Software Module

Description



LoJack Dealer Portal

Dealer Invoicing and Installation Scheduling Web Application



MIT

LoJack Installer Application



Viryanet

LoJack Installer Scheduling Application



Early Warning

Application that Sends Warning to Users with Keyfobs when their Car is Moving Without the Keyfob



Uplink Central

Message
 Forwarder that drops messages from LAPD into a LojackOne file folder, 
and which is picked up from that directory by ARTS.



Legacy SVRN

Application Residing in LAPD



LE Reporting Tools

Used by LoJack Law Enforcement Personnel



LoJack DB (Enigma)

Central LoJack DB



ARTS (Next Gen LoJack SVR Service

Main LoJack US SVR Service



VLU9

LoJack Vehicle Locator Firmware



VLU7

Vehicle Locator Firmware



VTU3

Police Tracking Computer (PTC) Firmware


 

28
 

 
EXHIBIT E
KNOWN OPEN SOURCE COMPONENTS
 








Open Source Component

Related Software Module



Python

ARTS



PostgreSQL

ARTS



MongoDB

ARTS



WAMP

ARTS



Crossbar (Server)

ARTS



AutobahnPython (Client)

ARTS



AutobahnJS (Client)

ARTS



CppWamp (Client)

ARTS



Boost C++ Libraries

ARTS



Java 

ARTS



NewtonSoft Json

MIT



MoonAPNS

MIT



Oracle DataAccess

MIT


 

29
 

 
EXHIBIT F
LICENSED PRODUCT
 








Product

Description



VLU9

LoJack Vehicle Locator



VLU7

Vehicle Locator



VTU3

Police Tracking Computer (PTC)


 

30
 

 
EXHIBIT G
DOCUMENTATION
 
1.LoJack Owner’s Manual
2.Generic Welcome Booklet
3.Generic Welcome Booklet with Early Warning Upgrade
4.Sullivan Welcome Booklet
5.New York Welcome Booklet
 
31
 





EX-10.3
4
ea149679ex10-3_rbcbearings.htm
SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED NOVEMBER 1, 2021, BY AND AMONG 
ROLLER BEARING COMPANY OF AMERICA, INC., RBC BEARINGS INCORPORATED, THE 
SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS PARTY THERETO AND WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION




Exhibit 10.3
 
Execution Version

 
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated
as of November 1, 2021, among Roller Bearing Company of America, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Borrower”), RBC Bearings
Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (“Holdings”), each of the Subsidiaries listed on the signature pages hereto or
that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 8.14 (each such entity being a “Subsidiary Grantor” and, collectively,
the “Subsidiary Grantors”; the Subsidiary Grantors, Holdings and the Borrower are referred to collectively as the “Grantors”),
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Collateral Agent”) for its
benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties.
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS,
 the Borrower is a party
to the Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be
 amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, refinanced
or replaced from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Holdings, the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time
party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent;
 
WHEREAS,
 (a) pursuant to the
Credit Agreement, the Lenders have severally agreed to make Loans to the
 Borrower, the Swingline Lender has agreed to make Swingline Loans
and the Letter of Credit Issuer has agreed to issue Letters of Credit 
for the account of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein and 
(b) one or more Cash Management Banks or Hedge Banks may from
time to time enter into Secured Cash Management Agreements or Secured 
Hedge Agreements with Holdings and/or its Subsidiaries;
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Guarantee
dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Guarantee”),
each
 Grantor party thereto has agreed to unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantee, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, to the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties the prompt and 
complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations;
 
WHEREAS, each Grantor is a Guarantor
or the Borrower;
 
WHEREAS,
 the proceeds of the
Loans, the issuance of the Letters of Credit and the provision of 
Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements will
be used in part to enable the Borrower to make valuable transfers to the
 Grantors in connection with the operation of their respective
businesses;
 
WHEREAS,
 each Grantor acknowledges
that it will derive substantial direct and indirect benefit from the 
making of the Loans and the Swingline Loans and the issuance of the
Letters of Credit; and the provision of such Cash Management Agreements 
and Secured Hedge Agreements;
 
WHEREAS,
 it is a condition precedent
to the obligation of the Lenders to make their respective Loans, the 
Swingline Lender to make Swingline loans and to the obligation of
the Letter of Credit Issuer to issue Letters of Credit
under the Credit Agreement that the Grantors shall have executed and 
delivered this Security Agreement to the Collateral Agent for its
benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties;
 

 
 


 
NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and to induce the Administrative Agent, the Collateral 
Agent and the Lenders to enter into the Credit Agreement and to
induce the Lenders to make their respective Loans, the Swingline Lender 
to make Swingline Loans and to induce the Letter of Credit Issuer
to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower and the 
Restricted Subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement and to induce one
or more Lenders or Affiliates of Lenders to enter into Secured Cash 
Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements with Holdings and/or
its Subsidiaries, the Grantors hereby agree with the Collateral Agent, 
for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties, as follows:
 
1. 
Defined Terms.
 
(a) 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Credit Agreement. Sections 1.2 and 1.5 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.
 
(b) 
Terms used herein without definition that are defined in the UCC 
have the meanings given to them in the UCC, including the following
terms (which are capitalized herein): Account, Chattel Paper, Commercial
 Tort Claims, Commodity Contract, Deposit Accounts, Documents,
Fixtures, Goods, Instruments, Inventory, Letter-of-Credit Right, 
Securities, Securities Accounts, Security Entitlement, Supporting 
Obligation
and Tangible Chattel Paper.
 
(c) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings:
 
“Borrower”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Collateral”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.
 
“Collateral Account”
shall mean any collateral account established by the Collateral Agent as provided in Section 5.1 or Section 5.3.
 
“Collateral Agent”
shall have the meaning provided in the preamble to this Security Agreement.
 
“Control”
shall mean “control,” as such term is defined in Section 9-104 or 9-106, as applicable, of the UCC.
 
“Copyright License”
shall mean any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting 
any right to any third party under any Copyright now or hereafter
owned by any Grantor or that any Grantor otherwise has the right to 
license, or granting any right to any Grantor under any Copyright
now or hereafter owned by any third party, and all rights of any Grantor
 under any such agreement, including those material inbound exclusive
licenses in third party owned U.S. registered Copyrights listed on Schedule 2.
 

2
 

 
“Copyrights”
shall mean, with respect to any Person, all of the following now owned 
or hereafter acquired by such Person: (i) all copyright rights
in any work subject to the copyright laws of the United States or any 
other country, whether as author, assignee, transferee or otherwise,
and (ii) all registrations and applications for registration of any such
 copyright in the United States or any other country, including
registrations, recordings, supplemental registrations and pending 
applications for registration in the United States Copyright Office,
including those U.S. registered copyrights owned by any Grantor and 
listed on Schedule 1.
 
“Credit Agreement”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Equipment”
shall mean all “equipment,” as such term is defined in Article 9 of the 
UCC, now or hereafter owned by any Grantor or to which
any Grantor has rights and, in any event, shall include all machinery, 
equipment, furnishings, movable trade fixtures and vehicles now
or hereafter owned by any Grantor or to which any Grantor has rights and
 any and all Proceeds, additions, substitutions and replacements
of any of the foregoing, wherever located, together with all 
attachments, components, parts, equipment and accessories installed 
thereon
or affixed thereto.
 
“Excluded
Property” shall mean (i) any Vehicles and other assets subject to 
certificates of title, (ii) Letter-of-Credit Rights
except to the extent perfection of a security interest therein may be 
accomplished by filing financing statements in appropriate
form in the applicable jurisdiction under the UCC, (iii) any property 
that is subject to a Lien permitted pursuant to clauses (6)
(solely with respect to clause (d) of Section 10.1 of the Credit 
Agreement) and (9) of the definition of “Permitted
Liens” in the Credit Agreement if the contract or other agreement in 
which such Lien is granted (or the documentation
providing for such Indebtedness) prohibits the creation of any other 
Lien on such property (other than to the extent that any such
prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 
9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision
or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable 
law); provided that such property shall be
Excluded Property only to the extent and for so long as such prohibition is in effect; provided further that
immediately
 upon the repayment of all Indebtedness secured by such Lien, such 
Grantor shall be deemed to have granted a Security
Interest in all the rights and interests with respect to such property, 
(iv) all leasehold interests in real property, (v) any fee
owned real property with a value, on an individual basis, of less than 
$30,000,000, (vi) any commercial tort claims with a value, on
an individual basis, of less than $20,000,000, (vii) any foreign assets 
other than to the extent a security interest therein may be
accomplished by filing of financing statements in appropriate form in 
the applicable jurisdiction under the UCC, (viii) any
intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a “Statement 
of Use” or “Amendment to Allege Use”
with respect thereto and (ix) any lease, license or other agreement or 
any property subject to a purchase money security interest,
capital lease obligation or similar arrangement, in each case permitted 
under the Loan Documents to the extent that a grant of a
security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, 
license or agreement or purchase money, capital lease or similar
arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party
 thereto (other than the Borrower or a Guarantor) after
giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the 
Uniform Commercial Code), other than proceeds and receivables
thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the
 UCC notwithstanding such
prohibition; provided that (x) the foregoing limitation
 shall not affect, limit, restrict or impair the grant by
such Grantor of a Security Interest pursuant to this Security Agreement 
in any Account or any money or other amounts due or to
become due under any such contract, agreement, instrument or indenture 
and (y) such property shall be Excluded Property only to the
extent and for so long as such prohibition is in effect; provided further that proceeds and products from any and
all of the of the foregoing that would constitute Excluded Property shall also not be considered Collateral and proceeds and
products from any and all of the of the foregoing that do not constitute Excluded Property shall be considered Collateral.
 


3
 

 
“General Intangibles”
shall mean all “general intangibles” as such term is defined in Article 9
 of the UCC and, in any event, including with respect
to any Grantor, all contracts, agreements, instruments and indentures in
 any form, and portions thereof, to which such Grantor is a party
or under which such Grantor has any right, title or interest or to which
 such Grantor or any property of such Grantor is subject, as the
same may from time to time be amended, supplemented or otherwise 
modified, including (a) all rights of such Grantor to receive moneys
due and to become due to it thereunder or in connection therewith, (b) 
all rights of such Grantor to receive proceeds of any insurance,
indemnity, warranty or guarantee with respect thereto, (c) all claims of
 such Grantor for damages arising out of any breach of or default
thereunder and (d) all rights of such Grantor to terminate, amend, 
supplement, modify or exercise rights or options thereunder, to perform
thereunder and to compel performance and otherwise exercise all remedies
 thereunder.
 
“Grantor”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Guarantee”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Holdings”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Intellectual Property”
shall mean all U.S. and foreign intellectual property, whether owned or 
licensed, including all (i) (a) Patents, inventions, processes,
developments, technology and know-how; (b) Copyrights including 
Copyrights in graphics, advertising materials, labels, package designs
and photographs; (c) Trademarks; (d) trade secrets, confidential, 
proprietary or non-public information and (ii) all rights, priorities
and privileges related thereto and all rights to sue at law or in equity
 for any infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation or
other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all Proceeds 
therefrom.
 
“Intercreditor Agreement”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.1.
 
“Investment Property”
shall mean all Securities (whether certificated or uncertificated), 
Security Entitlements and Commodity Contracts of any Grantor (other
than Excluded Stock and Stock Equivalents), whether now or hereafter 
acquired by any Grantor.
 
“Patent License”
shall mean any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting 
to any third party any right to make, use or sell any invention
on which a Patent, now or hereafter owned by any Grantor or that any 
Grantor otherwise has the right to license, is in existence, or granting
to any Grantor any right to make, use or sell any invention on which a 
Patent, now or hereafter owned by any third party, is in existence,
and all rights of any Grantor under any such agreement, including those 
material inbound exclusive licenses in third party owned U.S.
Patents and applications therefor listed on Schedule 4.
 

4
 

 
“Patents”
shall mean, with respect to any Person, all of the following now owned 
or hereafter acquired by such Person: (a) all letters patent of
the United States or the equivalent thereof in any other country, all 
registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters
patent of the United States or the equivalent thereof in any other 
country, including registrations, recordings and pending applications
in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar offices 
in any other country, and (b) all reissues, continuations, divisions,
continuations-in-part, renewals or extensions thereof, and the 
inventions disclosed or claimed therein, including the right to make, 
use
and/or sell the inventions disclosed or claimed therein, including those
 U.S. patents and applications therefor owned by any Grantor and
listed on Schedule 3.
 
“Proceeds”
shall mean all “proceeds” as such term is defined in Article 9 of the 
UCC and, in any event, shall include with respect to
any Grantor, any consideration received from the sale, exchange, 
license, lease or other disposition of any asset or property that 
constitutes
Collateral, any value received as a consequence of the possession of any
 Collateral and any payment received from any insurer or other
Person or entity as a result of the destruction, loss, theft, damage or 
other involuntary conversion of whatever nature of any asset or
property that constitutes Collateral, and shall include (a) all cash and
 negotiable instruments received by or held on behalf of the Collateral
Agent, (b) any claim of any Grantor against any third party for (and the
 right to sue and recover for and the rights to damages or profits
due or accrued arising out of or in connection with) (i) past, present 
or future infringement of any Patent now or hereafter owned by
any Grantor, or licensed under a Patent License, (ii) past, present or 
future infringement or dilution of any Trademark now or hereafter
owned by any Grantor or licensed under a Trademark License or injury to 
the goodwill associated with or symbolized thereby, (iii) past,
present or future infringement of any Copyright now or hereafter owned 
by any Grantor or licensed under a Copyright License and (c) any
and all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in 
connection with any of the Collateral.
 
“Registered Intellectual
Property” shall mean all Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks issued 
by, registered with, renewed by or the subject of a pending
application before the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the 
United States Copyright Office (or any successor office).
 
“Security Agreement”
shall mean this Security Agreement, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Security Interest”
shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.
 
“Short-form Intellectual
Property Security Agreement” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.2(b).
 
“Subsidiary Guarantor”
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Trademark License”
shall mean any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting 
to any third party any right to use any Trademark now or hereafter
owned by any Grantor or that any Grantor otherwise has the right to 
license, or granting to any Grantor any right to use any Trademark
now or hereafter owned by any third party, and all rights of any Grantor
 under any such agreement, including those material inbound
exclusive licenses in third party owned U.S. registered Trademarks and 
applications therefor listed on Schedule 6.
 


5
 

 
“Trademarks”
 shall mean, with respect
to any Person, all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by 
such Person: (i) all trademarks, service marks, trade names, corporate
names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade 
styles, trade dress, logos, other source or business identifiers,
designs and general intangibles of like nature, now existing or 
hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof
(if any), and all registration and recording applications filed in 
connection therewith, including registrations and registration 
applications
in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar offices 
in any State of the United States or any other country or any
political subdivision thereof, and all extensions or renewals thereof 
and (ii) all goodwill associated therewith or symbolized thereby,
including those U.S. registered trademarks and applications therefor 
owned by any Grantor and listed on Schedule 5 hereto.
 
“UCC” shall
mean the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the State of New York; provided, however,
 that,
in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any of the 
attachment, perfection or priority of the Collateral Agent’s
and the Secured Parties’ security interest in any Collateral is governed
 by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction
other than the State of New York, the term “UCC” shall mean the Uniform 
Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction
for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, 
perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions related to such
provisions.
 
“Vehicles”
shall mean all cars, trucks, trailers, and other vehicles covered by a 
certificate of title law of any state and all tires and other 
appurtenances
to any of the foregoing.
 
(d) 
The words “hereof”, “herein”, “hereto” and “hereunder” and words 
of similar import
when used in this Security Agreement shall refer to this Security 
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this 
Security
Agreement, and Section, subsection, clause and Schedule references are 
to this Security Agreement unless otherwise specified. The words
“include”, “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by 
the phrase “without
limitation”.
 
(e) 
The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms.
 
(f) 
Where the context requires, terms relating to the Collateral or 
any part thereof, when used in relation to a Grantor, shall refer
to such Grantor’s Collateral or the relevant part thereof.
 


6
 

 
2. 
Grant of Security Interest.
 
(a)  Each
Grantor
 hereby bargains, sells, conveys, assigns, sets over, mortgages, 
pledges, hypothecates and transfers to the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and grants to the Collateral 
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and
security interest in (the “Security Interest”), all of its right,
 title and interest in, to and under all of the
following property now owned or at any time hereafter acquired by such 
Grantor or in which such Grantor now has or at any time in
the future may acquire any right, title or interest (collectively, the “Collateral”), as collateral security for
the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the
Obligations:

 


 
(i)
all Accounts;

 
 
 

 
(ii)
all Chattel Paper;

 
 
 

 
(iii)
all Commercial Tort Claims described on Schedule 7 (as such Schedule may be amended from time to time);

 
 
 

 
(iv)
all Documents;

 
 
 

 
(v)
all Equipment, Fixtures and Goods;

 
 
 

 
(vi)
all General Intangibles;

 
 
 

 
(vii) 
all Instruments;

 
 
 

 
(viii)
all Intellectual Property;

 
 
 

 
(ix)
all Inventory;

 
 
 

 
(x)  
all Investment Property;

 
 
 

 
(xi)
all Letter-of-Credit Rights;

 
 
 

 
(xii)
all Money and all Deposit Accounts;

 
 
 

 
(xiii) 
all Supporting Obligations;

 
 
 

 
(xiv) 
all books and records pertaining to the Collateral; and

 
 
 

 
(xv)
the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds and products of any and all of the foregoing;



 
provided,
 that (x) the Collateral for
any Obligations shall not include any (A) Excluded Stock and Stock 
Equivalents with respect to such Obligations, (B) Excluded
Property or (C) assets with respect to which, (1) in the reasonable 
judgment of the Collateral Agent and the Borrower (as agreed in
writing), the cost or other consequences of granting a security interest
 in favor of the Secured Parties under the Security
Documents shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by 
the Lenders therefrom, or (2) granting a security interest in
such assets in favor of the Secured Parties under the Security Documents
 would result in materially adverse tax consequences or
would require obtaining the consent of any governmental authority, in 
each case as reasonably determined by the Borrower in
consultation with the Administrative Agent, and (y) none of the items 
included in clauses (i) through (xv) above shall constitute
Collateral to the extent (and only to the extent) that the grant of the 
Security Interest therein would violate any Requirement of
Law applicable to such Collateral; provided, however, that Collateral 
shall include any Proceeds, substitutions or replacements of
any assets referred to in the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) (unless such
 Proceeds, substitutions or replacements would constitute
assets referred to in clause (x) or (y)). No Grantor shall be required 
to take actions to (x) perfect security interests in
Letter-of Credit Rights except to the extent perfection of a security 
interest therein may be accomplished by filing of financing
statements in appropriate form in the applicable jurisdiction under the 
UCC or (y) enter into control agreements and perfection by
“control” (other than in respect of certificated pledged collateral) 
with respect to any Collateral (including, without
limitation, deposit accounts, commodities accounts or securities 
accounts) of the Grantors, as applicable.
 


7
 

 
(b) 
Each Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Collateral Agent 
and its Affiliates, counsel and other representatives, at any time
and from time to time, to file or record financing statements, 
amendments to financing statements and, with notice to the applicable 
Grantors,
other filing or recording documents or instruments with respect to the 
Collateral in such form and in such offices as the Collateral Agent
reasonably determines appropriate to perfect the Security Interests of 
the Collateral Agent under this Security Agreement, and such financing
statements and amendments may describe the Collateral covered thereby as
 “all assets”, “all personal property now owned
or hereafter acquired” or words of similar effect, provided that with 
respect to fixtures the Collateral Agent shall only file or
record financing statements in the jurisdiction of organization of a 
Grantor, except in connection with a Mortgage. Each Grantor hereby
also authorizes the Collateral Agent and its Affiliates, counsel and 
other representatives, at any time and from time to time, to file
continuation statements with respect to previously filed financing 
statements.
 
Each
 Grantor hereby agrees to
provide to the Collateral Agent, promptly upon request, any information 
reasonably necessary to effectuate the filings or recordings authorized
by this Section 2(b).
 
The
 Collateral Agent is further
authorized to file with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or
 United States Copyright Office (or any successor office), with
the signature of each applicable Grantor, such documents as the 
Collateral Agent reasonably determines as may be necessary or advisable
for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or 
protecting the Security Interest granted hereunder by each Grantor
and naming any Grantor or the Grantors as debtors and the Collateral 
Agent, as the case may be, as secured party.
 
The
 Security Interests are granted
as security only and shall not subject the Collateral Agent or any other
 Secured Party to, or in any way alter or modify, any obligation
or liability of any Grantor with respect to or arising out of the 
Collateral.
 
3. 
Representations and Warranties.
 
Each Grantor hereby represents
and warrants to the Collateral Agent and each Secured Party on the date hereof that:
 
3.1 
Title; No Other Liens. Except for (a) the Security 
Interest granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties pursuant to this Security Agreement and (b) the Liens permitted 
by the Credit Agreement, such Grantor owns or has the right to
use each item of the Collateral free and clear of any and all Liens or 
claims of others. No security agreement, financing statement or
other public notice with respect to all or any part of the Collateral 
that evidences a Lien securing any material Indebtedness
is on file or of record in any public office, except such as (i) have 
been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent for its benefit and
the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Security Agreement, 
(ii) are permitted by the Credit Agreement or (iii) relate to
obligations no longer outstanding or are in respect of commitments to 
lend which have been terminated.

 

8
 

 
3.2 
Perfected Liens.
 
(a) 
This Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of the 
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal,
valid and enforceable Security Interests in the Collateral (with respect
 to Collateral consisting of Capital Stock of Foreign Subsidiaries,
to the extent the enforceability of such Security Interest is governed 
by the UCC), subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and general equitable
 principles.
 
(b) 
Subject to the limitations set forth in clause (c) of this 
Section 3.2, the Security Interests granted pursuant to this Security
Agreement (i) will constitute valid and perfected first priority 
Security Interests in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens to the
extent perfection may be obtained by the filings or other actions 
described in clause (A), (B) or (C) of this paragraph) in favor of the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as collateral 
security for the Obligations, upon (A) with respect to Collateral
in which perfection can be obtained by filing a financing statement, the
 filing in the applicable filing offices of all financing statements,
in each case, naming each Grantor as “debtor” and the Collateral Agent 
as “secured party” and describing the Collateral,
(B) with respect to Instruments, Chattel Paper, Certificated Securities 
and negotiable Documents, delivery to the Collateral Agent (or
its bailee) of all Instruments, Chattel Paper, Certificated Securities 
and negotiable Documents in each case, properly endorsed for transfer
in blank and (C) with respect to Intellectual Property, completion of 
the filing of a fully executed agreement substantially in the form
of Annex B hereof (the “Short-form Intellectual Property Security Agreement”)
 and containing a description of all Collateral
constituting Registered Intellectual Property in the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office, with respect to U.S. registered and applied
for Patents and Trademarks, within 90 days from the execution date of 
such Short-form Intellectual Property Security Agreement or in the
United States Copyright Office, with respect to U.S. registered 
Copyrights, within 30 days from the execution date of such Short-form
Intellectual Property Security Agreement, as applicable and (ii) are 
prior to all other Liens on the Collateral other than Liens permitted
pursuant to Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement.
 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Grantor shall
 be required to perfect the Security Interests granted by this
Security Agreement by any means other than by (i) filings pursuant to 
the Uniform Commercial Code of the relevant State(s), (ii) filings
in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States 
Copyright Office (as applicable) with respect to Registered Intellectual
Property, (iii) delivery to the Collateral Agent (or its bailee) to be 
held in its possession of all Collateral consisting of Tangible
Chattel Paper, Instruments or Certificated Securities with a fair market
 value in excess of $20,000,000 individually and (iv) actions
to perfect a security interest in Commercial Tort Claims to the extent 
set forth in Section 4.1(f).
 

9
 

 
(d) 
 It is understood and agreed that the Security Interests created hereunder in cash and Investment Property shall not prevent the
Grantors from using such assets in the ordinary course of their respective businesses.
 
4. 
Covenants.
 
Each
 Grantor hereby covenants
and agrees with the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties that, from 
and after the date of this Security Agreement until the Obligations
are paid in full and the Commitments are terminated and all Letters of 
Credit have expired or terminated and all Letter of Credit Outstandings
have been reduced to zero (or all such Letters of Credit and Letter of 
Credit Outstandings have been Cash Collateralized):
 
4.1 
Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest; Further Documentation.
 
(a) 
Such Grantor shall maintain the Security Interest created by this
 Security Agreement as a perfected Security Interest having at
least the priority described in Section 3.1 and shall take commercially 
reasonable actions necessary to defend such Security Interest
against the claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever, in each case 
subject to Section 3.2(c).
 
(b) 
Such Grantor will furnish to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders
 from time to time statements and schedules further identifying
and describing the assets and property of such Grantor and such other 
reports in connection therewith as the Collateral Agent may reasonably
request.
 
(c) 
Such Grantor will furnish to the Collateral Agent at the time of 
the delivery of the financial statements provided for in Sections
9.1(a) of the Credit Agreement (or, if the Credit Agreement is no longer
 in effect, on an annual basis), a schedule setting forth (A)
(i) any additional Registered Intellectual Property owned by any Grantor
 which has not been previously disclosed to the Collateral Agent,
(ii) any additional material Registered Intellectual Property 
exclusively licensed from a third party to any Grantor which has not 
been
previously disclosed to the Collateral Agent, and (iii) any 
intent-to-use Trademark application for which a “statement of use”
or an “amendment to allege use” was filed, in each case, following the 
Closing Date (or following the date of the last supplement
provided to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Section 4.1(c)), all 
in reasonable detail and (B) within sixty (60) days following the
delivery of such financial statements, execute and file appropriate 
documents or instruments with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable, evidencing 
the Collateral Agent’s security interest in such new or
additional Registered Intellectual Property.
 
(d) 
Subject to clause (e) below and Section 3.2(c), each Grantor 
agrees that at any time and from time to time, at the expense of
such Grantor, it will execute any and all further documents, financing 
statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further
actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and 
other documents, including all applicable documents required
under Section 3.2(b)(C)), which may be required under any applicable 
law, or which, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement,
the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, in order (i) to grant, 
preserve, protect and perfect the validity and priority of the Security
Interests created or intended to be created hereby or (ii) to enable the
 Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies
hereunder with respect to any Collateral, including the filing of any 
financing or continuation statements under the Uniform Commercial
Code in effect in any jurisdiction with respect to the Security 
Interests created hereby and all applicable documents required under
Section 3.2(b)(C), all at the expense of such Grantor.

  

10
 

 
(e) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.1 to the contrary, (i)
 with respect to any assets acquired by such Grantor after the
date hereof that are required by the Credit Agreement to be subject to 
the Lien created hereby or (ii) with respect to any Person that,
subsequent to the date hereof, becomes a Subsidiary that is required by 
the Credit Agreement to become a party hereto, the relevant Grantor
after the acquisition or creation thereof shall promptly take all 
actions required by the Credit Agreement, this Section 4.1.
 
(f) 
If any Grantor shall at any time hold or acquire a Commercial 
Tort Claim, such Grantor shall promptly (and in any event within
60 days upon obtaining knowledge thereof, or such longer period as the 
Collateral Agent may reasonably agree) notify the Collateral Agent
in a writing signed by such Grantor of the brief details (in summary 
form) thereof and grant to the Collateral Agent in such writing a
security interest therein and in the Proceeds thereof, all upon the 
terms of this Security Agreement, with such writing to be in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. The 
requirements in the preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent
that the amount of such Commercial Tort Claim, together with the amount 
of all other Commercial Tort Claims held by any Grantor in which
the Collateral Agent does not have a security interest, does not exceed 
$20,000,000 in the aggregate for all Grantors.
 
(g) 
With respect to each material item of Intellectual Property owned
 by such Grantor and included in the Collateral, each Grantor
agrees to take, at its expense, commercially reasonable steps to 
preserve and protect such material Intellectual Property, including,
without limitation, to (i) maintain the validity and enforceability of 
such material Intellectual Property and maintain such material
Intellectual Property in full force and effect, and (ii) pursue the 
registration and maintenance of each Patent, Trademark or servicemark
registration or application, or Copyright registration or application, 
now or hereafter included in such material Intellectual Property
of such Grantor, including, without limitation, the payment of required 
fees and taxes, the filing of responses to office actions issued
by the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States 
Copyright Office, the filing of affidavits under Sections 8 and
15 of the U.S. Trademark Act, and the payment of maintenance fees. Each 
Grantor shall take commercially reasonable steps which it (or
the Collateral Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default) 
deems reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances to maintain
the quality of any and all products or services used or provided in 
connection with any of the material Trademarks, at least substantially
consistent with the quality of the products and services as of the date 
hereof, and taking commercially reasonable steps necessary to
ensure that all licensed users of any of the material Trademarks use 
such consistent standards of quality.
 
4.2 
Damage or Destruction of Collateral. The Grantors agree promptly to notify the Collateral Agent if any portion of the Collateral
is damaged or destroyed in any manner which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
4.3 
Notices. Each Grantor will advise the Collateral Agent and
 the Lenders promptly, in reasonable detail, of any Lien of which
it has knowledge (other than the Security Interests created hereby or 
Liens permitted under the Credit Agreement) on any of the Collateral
which would adversely affect, in any material respect,
the ability of the Collateral Agent to exercise any of its remedies 
hereunder.
 

11
 


 
4.4 
Changes in Locations, Name, etc. Each Grantor will furnish
 to the Collateral Agent promptly (and in any event within 60
days (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may reasonably 
agree) of such change) a written notice of any change (i) in its
legal name, (ii) in its jurisdiction of organization or location 
for purposes of the UCC, (iii) in its identity or type of 
organization
or corporate structure or (iv) in its Federal Taxpayer 
Identification Number or organizational identification number. Each 
Grantor
agrees promptly to provide the Collateral Agent with certified 
organizational documents reflecting any of the changes described in the
first sentence of this paragraph and take all other action reasonably 
necessary to maintain the perfection and priority of the security
interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
in the Collateral and take all other action reasonably necessary
to maintain the perfection and priority of the security interest of the 
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the
Collateral.
 
4.5 
Investment Property. If any of the Collateral (other than 
any property included in the definition of “Collateral”
in the Pledge Agreement) is or shall become evidenced or represented by 
any Instrument, Chattel Paper or Certificated Securities, such
Instrument, Chattel Paper or Certificated Securities shall, in each 
case, be promptly delivered to the Collateral Agent, duly endorsed
in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, to be held 
as Collateral pursuant to this Security Agreement, if the fair
market value of any such individual Instrument, Chattel Paper or 
Certificated Securities exceeds $20,000,000, in each case except to the
extent constituting Excluded Property.
 
5. 
Remedial Provisions.
 
5.1 
Certain Matters Relating to Accounts.
 
(a) 
At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an
 Event of Default and after giving reasonable notice to the Borrower
and any other relevant Grantor, the Administrative Agent shall have the 
right, but not the obligation, to instruct the Collateral Agent
to (and upon such instruction, the Collateral Agent shall) make test 
verifications of the Accounts in any manner and through any medium
that the Administrative Agent reasonably considers advisable, and each 
Grantor shall furnish all such assistance and information as the
Collateral Agent may require in connection with such test verifications.
 The Collateral Agent shall have the absolute right to share any
information it gains from such inspection or verification with any 
Secured Party.
 
(b) 
The Collateral Agent hereby authorizes each Grantor to collect 
such Grantor’s Accounts and the Collateral Agent may curtail
or terminate said authority at any time after the occurrence and during 
the continuance of an Event of Default. If required in writing
by the Collateral Agent at any time after the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, any payments of Accounts,
when collected by any Grantor, (i) shall be forthwith (and, in any 
event, within two Business Days) deposited by such Grantor in the
exact form received, duly endorsed by such Grantor to the Collateral 
Agent if required, in a Collateral Account maintained under the
sole dominion and control of and on terms and conditions reasonably 
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, subject to withdrawal
by the Collateral Agent for the account of the Secured Parties only as 
provided in Section 5.5 and (ii) until so turned over, shall be
held by such Grantor in trust for the Collateral Agent and the Secured 
Parties, segregated from other funds of such Grantor. Each such
deposit of Proceeds of Accounts shall be accompanied by a report 
identifying in reasonable detail the nature and source of the payments
included in the deposit.

 

12
 

 
(c) 
At the Collateral Agent’s request at any time after the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, subject
to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, each Grantor shall deliver 
to the Collateral Agent all original and other documents evidencing,
and relating to, the agreements and transactions which gave rise to the 
Accounts, including all original orders, invoices and shipping
receipts.
 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of 
Default, a Grantor shall not grant any extension of the time of payment
of any of the Accounts, compromise, compound or settle the same for less
 than the full amount thereof, release, wholly or partly, any
Person liable for the payment thereof, or allow any credit or discount 
whatsoever thereon if the Collateral Agent shall have instructed
the Grantors not to grant or make any such extension, credit, discount, 
compromise or settlement under any circumstances during the continuance
of such Event of Default.
 
(e) 
Effective solely upon the occurrence and during the continuance 
of an Event of Default, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, each Grantor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent a 
non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide license to use,
assign, license or sublicense any of the Intellectual Property now or 
hereafter owned or licensed by such Grantor (subject to the rights
of any person or entity under any pre-existing Copyright License, Patent
 License, Trademark License or other agreements). Such license
shall include access to all media in which any of the licensed items may
 be recorded or stored and to all computer programs used for the
compilation or printout thereof; provided, however, that 
nothing in this Section 5.1 shall require any Grantor to grant any
license that is prohibited by any rule of law, statute or regulation or 
is prohibited by, or constitutes a breach of default under or
results in the termination of or gives rise to any right of 
acceleration, modification or cancellation under any contract, license, 
agreement,
instrument or other document evidencing, giving rise to a right to use 
or theretofore granted with respect to such property, provided, further,
that such licenses to be granted hereunder with respect to Trademarks 
shall be subject to the commercially reasonable quality control
standards applicable to each such Trademark as in effect as of the date 
such licenses hereunder are granted.
 
5.2 
Communications with Credit Parties; Grantors Remain Liable.
 
(a) 
The Collateral Agent in its own name or in the name of others may
 at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor 
Agreement, after giving reasonable notice to the relevant Grantor of its
intent to do so, communicate with obligors under the Accounts to verify 
with them to the Collateral Agent’s satisfaction the existence,
amount and terms of any Accounts. The Collateral Agent shall have the 
absolute right to share any information it gains from such inspection
or verification with any Secured Party.
 

13
 

 
(b) 
 Upon the written request of the Collateral Agent at any time 
after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, each Grantor shall 
notify obligors on the Accounts that the Accounts have been assigned
to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and that 
payments in respect thereof shall be made directly to the Collateral
Agent.
 
(c) 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Grantor 
shall remain liable under each of the Accounts to observe and perform
all the conditions and obligations to be observed and performed by it 
thereunder, all in accordance with the terms of any agreement giving
rise thereto. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Secured Party shall 
have any obligation or liability under any Account (or any agreement
giving rise thereto) by reason of or arising out of this Security 
Agreement or the receipt by the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party
of any payment relating thereto, nor shall the Collateral Agent or any 
Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the
obligations of any Grantor under or pursuant to any Account (or any 
agreement giving rise thereto), to make any payment, to make any inquiry
as to the nature or the sufficiency of any payment received by it or as 
to the sufficiency of any performance by any party thereunder,
to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any 
performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been
assigned to it or to which it may be entitled at any time or times.
 
5.3 
Proceeds to be Turned Over To Collateral Agent. In 
addition to the rights of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties
specified in Section 5.1 with respect to payments of Accounts, if an 
Event of Default shall occur and be continuing and the Collateral
Agent, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, so requires 
by notice in writing to the relevant Grantor (it being understood
that the exercise of remedies by the Secured Parties in connection with 
an Event of Default under Section 11.5 of the Credit Agreement
shall be deemed to constitute a request by the Collateral Agent for the 
purposes of this sentence and in such circumstances, no such written
notice shall be required), all Proceeds received by any Grantor 
consisting of cash, checks and other near cash items shall be held by
such Grantor in trust for the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties, 
segregated from other funds of such Grantor, and shall, forthwith
upon receipt by such Grantor, be turned over to the Collateral Agent in 
the exact form received by such Grantor (duly endorsed by such
Grantor to the Collateral Agent, if required). All Proceeds received by 
the Collateral Agent hereunder shall be held by the Collateral
Agent in a Collateral Account maintained under its dominion and control 
and on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent. All Proceeds while held by the Collateral Agent in a Collateral 
Account (or by such Grantor in trust for the Collateral Agent and
the Secured Parties) shall continue to be held as collateral security 
for all the Obligations and shall not constitute payment thereof
until applied as provided in Section 5.4.
 
5.4 
Application of Proceeds. The Collateral Agent shall apply 
the proceeds of any collection or sale of the Collateral as well
as any Collateral consisting of cash, at any time after receipt in the 
order set forth in the order set forth in Section 11.13 of the
Credit Agreement.
 
If,
 despite the provisions
of this Security Agreement, any Secured Party shall receive any payment 
or other recovery in excess of its portion of payments on account
of the Obligations to which it is then entitled in accordance with this 
Security Agreement, such Secured Party shall hold such
payment or other recovery in trust for its benefit and the benefit of 
all Secured Parties hereunder for distribution in accordance with
this Section 5.4.

 

14
 

 
5.5 
Code and Other Remedies. Subject to the terms of the 
Intercreditor Agreement, if an Event of Default shall occur and be
continuing, the Collateral Agent may exercise in respect of the 
Collateral, in addition to all other rights and remedies provided for
herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a 
secured party upon default under the UCC or any other applicable
law and also may with notice to the relevant Grantor, sell the 
Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or 
private
sale or sales, at any exchange, broker’s board or office of the 
Collateral Agent or any Secured Party or elsewhere for cash or on
credit or for future delivery at such price or prices and upon such 
other terms as are commercially reasonable irrespective of the impact
of any such sales on the market price of the Collateral. The Collateral 
Agent shall be authorized at any such sale (if it deems it advisable
to do so) to restrict the prospective bidders or purchasers of 
Collateral to Persons who will represent and agree that they are 
purchasing
the Collateral for their own account for investment and not with a view 
to the distribution or sale thereof, and, upon consummation of
any such sale, the Collateral Agent shall have the right to assign, 
transfer and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof the 
Collateral
so sold. Each purchaser at any such sale shall hold the property sold 
absolutely free from any claim or right on the part of any Grantor,
and each Grantor hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) all 
rights of redemption, stay and/or appraisal that it now has or may
at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now 
existing or hereafter enacted. The Collateral Agent and any Secured
Party shall have the right upon any such public sale, and, to the extent
 permitted by law, upon any such private sale, to purchase the
whole or any part of the Collateral so sold, and the Collateral Agent or
 such Secured Party may pay the purchase price by crediting the
amount thereof against the Obligations. Each Grantor agrees that, to the
 extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten
days’ notice to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale or
 the time after which any private sale is to be made shall
constitute reasonable notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be 
obligated to make any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of
sale having been given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or 
private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and
place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made
 at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. To the extent
permitted by law, each Grantor hereby waives any claim against the 
Collateral Agent arising by reason of the fact that the price at which
any Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than 
the price that might have been obtained at a public sale, even
if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not 
offer such Collateral to more than one offeree. Each Grantor further
agrees, at the Collateral Agent’s request to assemble the Collateral and
 make it available to the Collateral Agent, at places which
the Collateral Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Grantor’s 
premises or elsewhere. The Collateral Agent shall apply
the net proceeds of any action taken by it pursuant to this Section 5.5 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.4.
 
5.6 
Deficiency. Each Grantor shall remain liable for any 
deficiency if the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of the
Collateral are insufficient to pay its Obligations and the fees and 
disbursements of any attorneys employed by the Collateral Agent or
any Secured Party to collect such deficiency.
 
5.7  Amendments,
etc. with Respect to the Obligations; Waiver of Rights. Each Grantor
 shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that,
without any reservation of rights against any Grantor and without notice
 to or further assent by any Grantor, (a) any demand for
payment of any of the Obligations made by the Collateral Agent or any 
other Secured Party may be rescinded by such party and any of
the Obligations continued, (b) the Obligations, or the liability of any 
other party upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral
security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, 
may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed,
extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, 
surrendered or released by the Collateral Agent or any other Secured
Party, (c) the Credit Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any 
other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith
and the Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements and
 any other documents executed and delivered in connection
therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole
 or in part, as the Administrative Agent (or the Required
Lenders, as the case may be, or, in the case of any Secured Hedge 
Agreement or Secured Cash Management Agreement, the Hedge Bank or
Cash Management Bank party thereto may deem advisable from time to time 
and (d) any collateral security, guarantee or right of
offset at any time held by the Collateral Agent or any other Secured 
Party for the payment of the Obligations may be sold,
exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. Neither the Collateral Agent
 nor any other Secured Party shall have any obligation to
protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by it as 
security for the Obligations or for this Security Agreement or
any property subject thereto. When making any demand hereunder against 
any Grantor, the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party
may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on any 
Grantor or any other Person, and any failure by the
Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to make any such demand or 
to collect any payments from any Grantor or any other Person
or any release of any Grantor or any other Person shall not relieve any 
Grantor in respect of which a demand or collection is not
made or any Grantor not so released of its several obligations or 
liabilities hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights
and remedies, express or implied, or as a matter of law, of the 
Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party against any Grantor. For
the purposes hereof “demand” shall include the commencement and 
continuance of any legal proceedings.
 


15
 

 
6. 
The Collateral Agent.
 
6.1 
Collateral Agent’s Appointment as Attorney-in-Fact, etc.
 
(a) 
Each Grantor hereby appoints, which appointment is irrevocable 
(until termination of this Security Agreement in accordance with
Section 6.5) and coupled with an interest, effective upon the occurrence
 and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral
Agent and any officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution,
 as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable
power and authority in the place and stead of such Grantor and in the 
name of such Grantor or otherwise, for the purpose of carrying out
the terms of this Security Agreement, to take any and all appropriate 
action and to execute any and all documents and instruments that
may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this 
Security Agreement, and, without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing,
each Grantor hereby gives the Collateral Agent the power and right, on 
behalf of such Grantor, either in the Collateral Agent’s
name or in the name of such Grantor or otherwise, without assent by such
 Grantor, to do any or all of the following, in each case after
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and 
after written notice by the Collateral Agent of its intent to do
so:
 

(i)take
 possession of and endorse and collect any checks, drafts,
notes, acceptances or other instruments for the payment of moneys due 
under any Account or with respect to any other Collateral and file
any claim or take any other action or proceeding in any court of law or 
equity or otherwise deemed appropriate by the Collateral Agent
for the purpose of collecting any and all such moneys due under any 
Account or with respect to any other Collateral whenever payable;

 

(ii)in
 the case of any Intellectual Property, execute and deliver,
and have recorded, any and all agreements, instruments, documents and 
papers as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request to evidence
the Collateral Agent’s and the Secured Parties’ Security Interest in 
such Intellectual Property and the goodwill and general
intangibles of such Grantor relating thereto or represented thereby;

 

(iii)pay or discharge taxes and Liens levied or placed on or threatened
against the Collateral;

 

(iv)execute, in connection with any sale provided for in Section 5.5,
any endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to the Collateral;

 

(v)obtain and adjust insurance required to be maintained by such
Grantor pursuant to Section 9.3 of the Credit Agreement;

 

(vi)direct
 any party liable for any payment under any of the Collateral
to make payment of any and all moneys due or to become due thereunder 
directly to the Collateral Agent or as the Collateral Agent shall
direct;

 

(vii)ask
 or demand for, collect and receive payment of and receipt
for, any and all moneys, claims and other amounts due or to become due 
at any time in respect of or arising out of any Collateral;

 

(viii)sign
 and endorse any invoices, freight or express bills, bills
of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, 
assignments, verifications, notices and other documents in connection
with any of the Collateral;

 

(ix)commence
 and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at law
or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the 
Collateral or any portion thereof and to enforce any other right in
respect of any Collateral;

 

(x)defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against such Grantor
with respect to any Collateral (with such Grantor’s consent to the extent such action or its resolution could materially affect
such Grantor or any of its Affiliates in any manner other than with respect to its continuing rights in such Collateral);

 

(xi)settle, compromise or adjust any such suit, action or proceeding
and, in connection therewith, give such discharges or releases as the Collateral Agent may deem appropriate (with such Grantor’s
consent to the extent such action or its resolution could materially affect such Grantor or any of its Affiliates in any manner
other than with respect to its continuing rights in such Collateral);


 

16
 

 

(xii)assign
 any Intellectual Property (along with the goodwill of the
business to which any such Intellectual Property pertains), throughout 
the world for such term or terms, on such conditions, and in such
manner, as the Collateral Agent shall in its sole discretion determine; 
and

 

(xiii)generally,
 sell, transfer, pledge and make any agreement with
respect to or otherwise deal with any of the Collateral as fully and 
completely as though the Collateral Agent were the absolute owner
thereof for all purposes, and do, at the Collateral Agent’s option and 
such Grantor’s expense, at any time, or from time
to time, all acts and things that the Collateral Agent deems necessary 
to protect, preserve or realize upon the Collateral and the Collateral
Agent’s and the Secured Parties’ Security Interests therein and to 
effect the intent of this Security Agreement, all as fully
and effectively as such Grantor might do.

 
Anything
 in this Section 6.1(a) to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Collateral Agent agrees that it will not exercise 
any rights under the power of attorney provided for in this Section
6.1(a) unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
 
(b) 
If any Grantor fails to perform or comply with any of its agreements contained herein, the Collateral Agent, at its option, but
without any obligation so to do, may perform or comply, or otherwise cause performance or compliance, with such agreement.
 
(c) 
The expenses of the Collateral Agent incurred in connection with 
actions undertaken as provided in this Section 6.1, together with
interest thereon at a rate per annum equal to the highest rate per annum
 at which interest would then be payable on any category of past
due ABR Loans under the Credit Agreement, from the date of payment by 
the Collateral Agent to the date reimbursed by the relevant Grantor,
shall be payable by such Grantor to the Collateral Agent on demand.
 
(d) 
Each Grantor hereby ratifies all that said attorneys shall 
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. All powers, 
authorizations
and agencies contained in this Security Agreement are coupled with an 
interest and are irrevocable until this Security Agreement is terminated
and the Security Interests created hereby are released.
 
6.2  Duty
of Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent’s sole duty with respect 
to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation
of the Collateral in its possession, under Section 9-207 of the UCC or 
otherwise, shall be to deal with it in the same manner as the
Collateral Agent deals with similar property for its own account. The 
Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable
care in the custody and preservation of any Collateral in its possession
 if such Collateral is accorded treatment substantially
equal to that which the Collateral Agent accords its own property. 
Neither the Collateral Agent, any Secured Party nor any of their
respective officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for 
failure to demand, collect or realize upon any of the
Collateral or for any delay in doing so or shall be under any obligation
 to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the
request of any Grantor or any other Person or to take any other action 
whatsoever with regard to the Collateral or any part
thereof. The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent and the Secured 
Parties hereunder are solely to protect the Collateral
Agent’s and the Secured Parties’ interests in the Collateral and shall 
not impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent or
any Secured Party to exercise any such powers. The Collateral Agent and 
the Secured Parties shall be accountable only for amounts
that they actually receive as a result of the exercise of such powers, 
and neither they nor any of their officers, directors,
employees or agents shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or 
failure to act hereunder, except for their own respective
gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined in a final 
non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The
Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to 
ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding
the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence,
 priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent’s Lien
thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Grantor in connection 
therewith, nor shall the Collateral Agent be responsible or liable
to the Secured Parties for any failure to monitor or maintain any 
portion of the Collateral.

 

17
 

 
6.3 
Authority of Collateral Agent. Each Grantor acknowledges 
that the rights and responsibilities of the Collateral Agent under
this Security Agreement with respect to any action taken by the 
Collateral Agent or the exercise or non-exercise by the Collateral Agent
of any option, voting right, request, judgment or other right or remedy 
provided for herein or resulting or arising out of this Security
Agreement shall, as between the Collateral Agent and the Secured 
Parties, be governed by the Intercreditor Agreement and the Credit 
Agreement,
and by such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from time
 to time among them, but, as between the Collateral Agent and
the Grantors, the Collateral Agent shall be conclusively presumed to be 
acting as agent for the applicable Secured Parties with full and
valid authority so to act or refrain from acting, and no Grantor shall 
be under any obligation, or entitlement, to make any inquiry respecting
such authority.
 
6.4 
Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Security Interest and all obligations of the
Grantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional.
 
6.5 
Continuing Security Interest; Assignments Under the Credit Agreement; Release.
 
(a) 
This Security Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and
 be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms
upon each Grantor and the successors and assigns thereof and shall inure
 to the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the other Secured
Parties and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and 
assigns until all Obligations (other than, in each case, any contingent
indemnity obligations not then due, any Secured Hedge Obligations or any
 Secured Cash Management Obligations) shall have been satisfied
by payment in full, the Commitments shall be terminated and all Letters 
of Credit have expired or terminated and after all Letter of Credit
Outstandings have been reduced to zero (or all such Letters of Credit 
and Letter of Credit Outstandings have been Cash Collateralized)
notwithstanding that from time to time during the term of the Credit 
Agreement, the Credit Parties may be free from any Obligations.
 
(b) 
A Grantor shall automatically be released from its obligations 
hereunder if it ceases to be a Credit Party in accordance with Section
13.1 of the Credit Agreement.
 

18
 

 
(c) 
 The Security Interest granted hereby in any Collateral shall 
automatically be released (i) to the extent provided in Section 13.1
of the Credit Agreement and (ii) upon the effectiveness of any written 
consent to the release of the Security Interest granted hereby
in such Collateral pursuant to Section 13.1 of the Credit Agreement. Any
 such release in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition
of such Collateral to a Person that is not a Credit Party permitted 
under the Credit Agreement shall result in such Collateral being sold,
transferred or disposed of, as applicable, free and clear of the Lien 
and Security Interest created hereby.
 
(d) 
In connection with any termination or release pursuant to 
paragraph (a), (b) or (c), the Collateral Agent shall execute and 
deliver
to any Grantor, at such Grantor’s expense, all documents that such 
Grantor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination
or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this 
Section 6.5 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Collateral
Agent.
 
6.6 
Reinstatement. Each Grantor further agrees that, if any 
payment made by any Credit Party or other Person and applied to
the Obligations is at any time annulled, avoided, set aside, rescinded, 
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential or otherwise
required to be refunded or repaid, or the proceeds of Collateral are 
required to be returned by any Secured Party to such Credit Party,
its estate, trustee, receiver or any other Person, including any 
Grantor, under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or
equitable cause, then, to the extent of such payment or repayment, any 
Lien or other Collateral securing such liability shall be and remain
in full force and effect, as fully as if such payment had never been 
made or, if prior thereto the Lien granted hereby or other Collateral
securing such liability hereunder shall have been released or terminated
 by virtue of such cancellation or surrender, such Lien or other
Collateral shall be reinstated in full force and effect, and such prior 
cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge,
impair or otherwise affect any Lien or other Collateral securing the 
obligations of any Grantor in respect of the amount of such payment.
 
7. 
Collateral Agent As Agent.
 
(a) 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association has been appointed to act 
as the Collateral Agent under the Credit Agreement, by the Lenders
under the Credit Agreement and, by their acceptance of the benefits 
hereof, the other Secured Parties. The Collateral Agent shall be 
obligated,
and shall have the right hereunder, to make demands, to give notices, to
 exercise or refrain from exercising any rights, and to take or
refrain from taking any action (including the release or substitution of
 Collateral), solely in accordance with this Security Agreement
and the Credit Agreement, provided that the Collateral 
Agent shall exercise, or refrain from exercising, any remedies
provided for in Section 5 in accordance with the instructions of 
Required Lenders. In furtherance of the foregoing provisions of this
Section 7(a), each Secured Party, by its acceptance of the benefits 
hereof, agrees that it shall have no right individually to realize
upon any of the Collateral hereunder, except to the extent specifically 
set forth in Section 5 of the Guarantee, it being understood and
agreed by such Secured Party that all rights and remedies hereunder may 
be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the ratable benefit
of the applicable Lenders and Secured Parties in accordance with the 
terms of this Section 7(a).
 


19
 

 
(b)  The
Collateral
 Agent shall at all times be the same Person that is the Collateral 
Agent under the Credit Agreement. Written notice of
resignation by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 12.9 of the 
Credit Agreement shall also constitute notice of resignation as
Collateral Agent under this Security Agreement; removal of the 
Collateral Agent shall also constitute removal under this Security
Agreement; and appointment of a Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 
12.9 of the Credit Agreement shall also constitute appointment
of a successor Collateral Agent under this Security Agreement. Upon the 
acceptance of any appointment as Collateral Agent under
Section 12.9 of the Credit Agreement by a successor Collateral Agent, 
that successor Collateral Agent shall thereupon succeed to and
become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring or removed Collateral Agent under this Security
Agreement, and the retiring or removed Collateral Agent under this 
Security Agreement shall promptly (i) transfer to such successor
Collateral Agent all sums, securities and other items of Collateral held
 hereunder, together with all records and other documents
necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of the 
duties of the successor Collateral Agent under this Security
Agreement and (ii) execute and deliver to such successor Collateral 
Agent or otherwise authorize the filing of such amendments to
financing statements and take such other actions, as may be necessary or
 appropriate in connection with the assignment to such
successor Collateral Agent of the Security Interests created hereunder, 
whereupon such retiring or removed Collateral Agent shall be
discharged from its duties and obligations under this Security 
Agreement. After any retiring or removed Collateral Agent’s
resignation or removal hereunder as Collateral Agent, the provisions of 
this Security Agreement shall inure to its benefit as to any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it under this Security Agreement
 while it was Collateral Agent hereunder.
 
(c) 
Neither the Collateral Agent nor any of its officers, directors, 
employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be liable
to any party for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them 
under or in connection with this Security Agreement or any Security
Document (except for its or such Person’s own gross negligence or 
willful misconduct, as determined in a final non-appealable judgment
of a court of competent jurisdiction).
 
8. 
Miscellaneous.
 
8.1 
Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, the liens and security interests granted to the
Collateral Agent pursuant to this Security Agreement and the exercise of
 any right or remedy by the Collateral Agent hereunder, are subject
to the provisions of any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (the 
“Intercreditor Agreement”). In the event of any conflict
between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this 
Security Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall
govern and control. No right, power or remedy granted to the Collateral 
Agent hereunder shall be exercised by the Collateral Agent, and
no direction shall be given by the Collateral Agent, in contravention of
 the Intercreditor Agreement.
 
8.2 
Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of 
this Security Agreement may be waived, amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified except by a written instrument executed by the 
affected Grantor and the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section
13.1 of the Credit Agreement.
 
8.3 
Notices. All notices, requests and demands pursuant hereto shall be made in accordance with Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement.
All communications and notices hereunder to any Grantor shall be given to it in care of
Holdings at Holdings’ address set forth in Section 13.2 of the Credit Agreement.
 

20
 

 
8.4 
No Waiver by Course of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. 
Neither the Collateral Agent nor any Secured Party shall by any act
(except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 8.2), delay, 
indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right
or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Event of 
Default or in any breach of any of the terms and conditions hereof.
No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the 
Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or 
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any 
other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Collateral Agent
or any other Secured Party of any right or remedy hereunder on any one 
occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy
that the Collateral Agent or such other Secured Party would otherwise 
have on any future occasion. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges
herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently 
and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided
by law.
 
8.5 
Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.
 
(a) 
Each Grantor agrees to pay any and all reasonable and documented 
out of pocket expenses (including all reasonable fees and disbursements
of one primary counsel and one local counsel in each relevant 
jurisdiction) that may be paid or incurred by any Secured Party in 
enforcing,
or obtaining advice of counsel in respect of, any rights with respect 
to, or collecting, any or all of the Obligations and/or enforcing
any rights with respect to, or collecting against, such Grantor under 
this Security Agreement.
 
(b) 
Each Grantor agrees to pay, and to save the Collateral Agent and 
the Secured Parties harmless from, any and all liabilities with
respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, any and all stamp, 
excise, sales or other taxes that may be payable or determined to
be payable with respect to any of the Collateral or in connection with 
any of the transactions contemplated by this Security Agreement.
 
(c) 
Each Grantor agrees to pay, and to save the Collateral Agent and 
the Secured Parties harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses 
or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect
to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration 
of this Security Agreement to the extent the Borrower would be
required to do so pursuant to Section 13.5 of the Credit Agreement.
 
(d) 
The agreements in this Section 8.5 shall survive repayment of the
 Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement
and the other Credit Documents.
 
8.6 
Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Security 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted 
hereby, except that no Grantor may assign, transfer or delegate
any of its rights or obligations under this Security Agreement without 
the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent except pursuant
to a transaction permitted by the Credit Agreement.

 

21
 

 
8.7 
Counterparts. This Security Agreement may be executed by 
one or more of the parties to this Security Agreement on any number
of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission), and all of said counterparts taken together shall
be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies
 of this Security Agreement signed by all the parties shall be
lodged with the Collateral Agent and Holdings. The words “execution,” 
“signed,” “signature,” and words
of like import in this Security Agreement shall be deemed to include 
electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually 
executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system,
as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable 
law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and 
Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act.
 
8.8 
Severability. Any provision of this Security Agreement 
that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as
to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition 
or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction
 shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction.
 
8.9 
Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Security Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not
to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.
 
8.10 
Integration. This Security Agreement together with the 
other Credit Documents represents the agreement of each of the Grantors
with respect to the subject matter hereof and there are no promises, 
undertakings, representations or warranties by the Collateral Agent
or any other Secured Party relative to the subject matter hereof not 
expressly set forth herein or in the other Credit Documents.
 
8.11 
GOVERNING LAW. THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
8.12 
Submission To Jurisdiction Waivers. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:
 
(a) 
submits for itself and its property in any legal action or 
proceeding relating to this Security Agreement and the other Credit
Documents to which it is a party, to the exclusive general jurisdiction 
of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County,
the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of 
New York, and appellate courts from any thereof;
 
(b)  consents
that
 any such action or proceeding shall be brought in such courts and 
waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the
venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such 
action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and
agrees not to plead or claim the same or to commence or support any such
 action or proceeding in any other courts;

 

22
 

 
(c) 
agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding 
may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to 
such Person at its address referred to in Section 8.3 or at such
other address of which such Person shall have been notified pursuant 
thereto;
 
(d) 
agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right of the 
Administrative Agent, Lender or any Secured Party to effect service of
process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal 
proceedings or otherwise proceed against Holdings or the Borrower or
any other Credit Party in any other jurisdiction; and
 
(e) 
waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action or proceeding
referred to in this Section 8.12 any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages.
 
8.13 
Acknowledgments. Each party hereto hereby acknowledges that:
 
(a) 
it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and 
delivery of this Security Agreement and the other Credit Documents
to which it is a party;
 
(b) 
neither the Collateral Agent nor any other Secured Party has any 
fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Grantor arising out
of or in connection with this Security Agreement or any of the other 
Credit Documents, and the relationship between the Grantors, on the
one hand, and the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, on the
 other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that
of debtor and creditor; and
 
(c) 
no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Credit 
Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated
hereby among the Lenders and any other Secured Party or among the 
Grantors and the Lenders and any other Secured Party.
 
8.14 
Additional Grantors. Each Subsidiary that is required to 
become a party to this Security Agreement pursuant to Section 9.11
of the Credit Agreement shall become a Subsidiary Grantor, with the same
 force and effect as if originally named as a Grantor herein,
for all purposes of this Security Agreement upon execution and delivery 
by such Subsidiary of a written supplement substantially in the
form of Annex A hereto. The execution and delivery of any instrument 
adding an additional Grantor as a party to this Security Agreement
shall not require the consent of any other Grantor hereunder. The rights
 and obligations of each Grantor hereunder shall remain in full
force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new Grantor as a 
party to this Security Agreement.
 
8.15 
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION
OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES
FOLLOW]
 

23
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the undersigned has caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.


 


 
ROLLER BEARING COMPANY OF AMERICA,  INC.,

 
as Grantor

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Daniel A. Bergeron

 
 
Name:
Daniel A. Bergeron

 
 
Title:
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

 
 
 
 

 
RBC BEARINGS INCORPORATED,

 
as Grantor

 
 
 
 

 
By:
/s/ Daniel A. Bergeron 

 
 
Name:
Daniel A. Bergeron

 
 
Title:
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

 
[Signature Page to Security Agreement]
 

 
 

 


 
RBC PRECISION PRODUCTS, INC.,

 
INDUSTRIAL TECTONICS BEARINGS CORPORATION,

 
RBC NICE BEARINGS, INC.,

 
RBC LUBRON BEARING SYSTEMS, INC.,

 
RBC OKLAHOMA, INC.,

 
RBC AIRCRAFT PRODUCTS, INC.,

 
RBC SOUTHWEST PRODUCTS, INC.,

 
ALL POWER MANUFACTURING CO.,

 
WESTERN PRECISION AERO LLC,

 
CLIMAX METAL PRODUCTS COMPANY,

 
RBC TURBINE COMPONENTS LLC,

 
AIRTOMIC, LLC,

 
DODGE ACQUISITION CO.,

 
DODGE MECHANICAL POWER TRANSMISSION  COMPANY INC.

 
SONIC INDUSTRIES, INC.,

 
SARGENT AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, LLC

 
RBC AEROSTRUCTURES LLC,

 
each as Grantor



 



 
By:
/s/ John Feeney

 
 
Name:
John Feeney

 
 
Title:
Vice President and Secretary


 
[Signature Page to Security Agreement]
 

 
 

 


 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL  ASSOCIATION,

 
as Collateral Agent

 
 

 
By:
/s/ Evan Ingwers    

 
 
Name:
Evan Ingwers

 
 
Title:
Senior Vice President


 
[Signature Page to Security Agreement]
 


 
 

 
ANNEX A TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
SUPPLEMENT NO. [ ] dated as
of [	], to the Security Agreement dated as of November 1, 2021 (the “Security Agreement”) among Roller Bearing Company
of America, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Borrower”), RBC Bearings Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (“Holdings”),
each
 of the Subsidiaries listed on the signature pages thereto or that 
becomes a party thereto pursuant to Section 8.14 (each such entity
being a “Subsidiary Grantor” and, collectively, the “Subsidiary Grantors”; the Subsidiary Grantors,
Holdings and the Borrower are referred to collectively as the “Grantors”), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as collateral agent (in such capacity, the “Collateral Agent”) for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Parties.
 
A.
   Reference
is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of the date of the Security 
Agreement (as modified and supplemented and in effect from time to
time, the “Credit Agreement”) among Holdings, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders from time to time party thereto
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent.
 
B.   Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Security Agreement.
 
C.
   The
Grantors have entered into the Security Agreement in order to induce the
 Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders to
enter into the Credit Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make their 
respective Loans to the Borrower, the Swingline Lender to make
Swingline Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuer to issue Letters of 
Credit for the account of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries
under the Credit Agreement and to induce one or more Lenders or 
Affiliates of Lenders to enter into Secured Cash Management Agreements
or Secured Hedge Agreements with Holdings and/or its Subsidiaries.
 
D.
   Section
9.11 of the Credit Agreement and Section 8.14 of the Security Agreement 
provide that each Subsidiary that is required to become a party
to the Security Agreement pursuant to Section 9.11 of the Credit 
Agreement shall become a Subsidiary Grantor, with the same force and
effect as if originally named as a Subsidiary Grantor therein, for all 
purposes of the Security Agreement upon execution and delivery
by such Subsidiary of an instrument in the form of this Supplement. Each
 undersigned Subsidiary (each a “New Grantor”)
is executing this Supplement in accordance with the requirements of the 
Security Agreement to become a Subsidiary Grantor under the Security
Agreement in order to induce the Lenders to make Loans, the Swingline 
Lender to make Swingline Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuer to
issue Letters of Credit.
 
Accordingly, the Collateral
Agent and the New Grantors agree as follows:
 
SECTION
 1. In accordance
with Section 8.14 of the Security Agreement, each New Grantor by its 
signature below becomes a Grantor under the Security Agreement
with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a 
Grantor and each New Grantor hereby (a) agrees to all the terms
and provisions of the Security Agreement applicable to it as a Grantor 
thereunder and (b) represents and warrants that the
representations and warranties made by it as a Grantor thereunder are 
true and correct on and as of the date hereof. In furtherance
of the foregoing, each New Grantor, as security for the payment and 
performance in full of the Obligations, does hereby bargain,
sell, convey, assign, set over, mortgage, pledge, hypothecate and 
transfer to the Collateral Agent for its benefit and the benefit
of the Secured Parties, and hereby grants to the Collateral Agent for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, a Security Interest in all
of the Collateral of such New Grantor, in each case whether now or 
hereafter existing or in which it now has or hereafter acquires
an interest. Each reference to a “Grantor” in the Security Agreement 
shall be deemed to include each New Grantor. The
Security Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 


 
 

 
SECTION
 2. Each New Grantor
represents and warrants to the Collateral Agent and the other Secured 
Parties that this Supplement has been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding 
obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject
to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting 
creditors’ rights generally and general equitable principles.
 
SECTION
 3. This Supplement may
be executed by one or more of the parties to this Supplement on any 
number of separate counterparts (including by facsimile or other 
electronic
transmission), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be 
deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies
of this Supplement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the 
Collateral Agent and Holdings. This Supplement shall become effective
as to each New Grantor when the Collateral Agent shall have received 
counterparts of this Supplement that, when taken together, bear the
signatures of such New Grantor and the Collateral Agent. The words 
“execution,” “signed,” “signature,”
and words of like import in this Supplement shall be deemed to include 
electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually 
executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system,
as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable 
law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and 
Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform
Electronic Transactions Act.
 
SECTION
 4. Such New
Grantor hereby represents and warrants that (a) set forth on Schedule I 
hereto is (i) the legal name of such New Grantor, (ii) the
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of such New Grantor, (iii)
 the identity or type of organization or corporate structure
of such New Grantor (iv) the Federal Taxpayer Identification Number and 
organizational number of such New Grantor and (v) the true
and correct location of the chief executive office and principal place 
of business and any office in which it maintains books of
records relating to Collateral owned by it and (b) as of the date hereof
 (i) Schedule II hereto lists all of each New
Grantor’s material inbound exclusive licenses in registered Copyrights, 
(ii) Schedule III hereto lists in all material
respects all of each New Grantor’s registered Copyrights (and all 
applications therefor), (iii) Schedule IV hereto lists all
of each New Grantor’s material inbound exclusive licenses in Patents, 
(iv) Schedule V hereto lists in all material respects
all of each New Grantor’s Patents (and all applications therefor), (v) 
Schedule VI hereto lists all of each New
Grantor’s material inbound exclusive licenses in registered Trademarks 
and (vi) Schedule VII hereto lists in all material
respects all of each New Grantor’s registered Trademarks (and all 
applications therefor) and (vii) Schedule VIII hereto lists
all of each New Grantor’s Commercial Tort Claims (except to the extent 
that the amount of such Commercial Tort Claim, together
with the amount of all other Commercial Tort Claims held by any Grantor 
in which the Collateral Agent does not have a security
interest, does not exceed $20,000,000 in the aggregate for all 
Grantors).
 


2 
 

 
SECTION
 5. Except as expressly
supplemented hereby, the Security Agreement and the rights and 
obligations of each Grantor thereunder shall remain in full force and 
effect
notwithstanding the addition of any New Grantor as a party to the 
Security Agreement.
 
SECTION
 6. THIS SUPPLEMENT
AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE 
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
SECTION
 7. Any provision of
this Supplement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction 
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining 
provisions hereof and in the Security Agreement, and any such
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate
 or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
SECTION
 8. All notices, requests
and demands pursuant hereto shall be made in accordance with Section 
13.2 of the Credit Agreement. All communications and notices hereunder
to each New Grantor shall be given to it in care of the Borrower at the 
Borrower’s address set forth on Schedule 13.2 to the Credit
Agreement.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 

3 
 

 
IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, each
New Grantor and the Collateral Agent have duly executed this Supplement 
to the Security Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
 


 
[NAME OF NEW GRANTOR]

 
 

 
By:
                 

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 
 
 

 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
 as Collateral Agent

 
 
 

 
By:
           

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE I
TO SUPPLEMENT NO. ___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
COLLATERAL
 


Legal Name
 
Jurisdiction of
 Incorporation or
 Organization
 
Type of
 Organization or Corporate
 Structure
 
Federal Taxpayer
 Identification
 Number and 
Organizational 
Identification
 Number
 

Chief
 Executive Office


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE II
TO SUPPLEMENT NO. ___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
MATERIAL INBOUND EXCLUSIVE LICENSES IN REGISTERED
COPYRIGHTS
 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE III
TO SUPPLEMENT NO. ___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
UNITED STATES REGISTERED COPYRIGHTS
 
Registrations:
 


OWNER
 
REGISTRATION NUMBER
 
TITLE

 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE IV
TO SUPPLEMENT NO.___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
MATERIAL INBOUND EXCLUSIVE LICENSES IN
PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONS
 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE V
TO SUPPLEMENT NO.___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
UNITED STATES PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONS
 


OWNER
 
APPLICATION
NUMBER
 
REGISTRATION
NUMBER
 
TITLE

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE VI
TO SUPPLEMENT NO. ___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
MATERIAL INBOUND EXCLUSIVE LICENSES IN
REGISTERED TRADEMARKS AND TRADEMARKS APPLICATIONS
 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE VII
TO SUPPLEMENT NO. ___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
UNITED STATES REGISTERED TRADEMARKS AND TRADEMARK
APPLICATIONS
 


OWNER
 
APPLICATION 
NUMBER
 
REGISTRATION 
NUMBER
 
TRADEMARK

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE VIII
TO SUPPLEMENT NO. ___ TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
COMMERCIAL TORT CLAIMS
 

 
 

 
ANNEX B TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
FORM OF GRANT OF
SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARK
 
[attached]
 


 
 

 
GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARK
RIGHTS
 
This GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARK RIGHTS
(“Agreement”), dated as of November [__], 2021, is made by the Credit Parties party hereto (the “Grantors”),
in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent (the “Agent”) for the several banks and other
financial institutions (the “Lenders”) from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021
(as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Roller Bearing Company
of America, Inc. (the “Borrower”), RBC Bearings Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (“Holdings”),
the
 Lenders party thereto and the Agent. Capitalized terms used but not 
otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in
the Credit Agreement.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders
have severally agreed to make Loans to the Borrower, the Swingline 
Lender to make the Swingline Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuer
has agreed to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower 
and the Restricted Subsidiaries upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein;
 
WHEREAS,
 in connection with the Credit Agreement,
Grantors, the Borrower and any Subsidiaries that become a party thereto,
 have executed and delivered a Security Agreement, dated as of
November 1, 2021 in favor of the Agent (together with all amendments and
 modifications, if any, from time to time thereafter made thereto,
the “Security Agreement”); and
 
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Security Agreement, Grantors
have bargained, sold, conveyed, assigned, set over, mortgaged, pledged, 
hypothecated and transferred and granted to the Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in all 
its Intellectual Property, including its Trademark, and has agreed
to execute this Agreement for purposes of recording the grant of the 
security interest in the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
 
NOW
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in order to induce the 
Lenders to make loans and the Swingline Lender to make the Swingline
Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuers to issue Letters of Credit for 
the account of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and
to induce one or more Lenders or Affiliates of Lenders to enter into 
Secured Cash Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements with
Holdings and/or its Subsidiaries, Grantors agree, for its benefit and 
the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, as follows:
 
1. Definitions.
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms
 used in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals,
have the meanings provided or provided by reference in the Credit 
Agreement and the Security Agreement.
 
2. Grant
of Security Interest. Grantors hereby grant to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest
in all of Grantors’ right, title and interest in, to and under its Trademarks (including, without limitation, those items listed
on Schedule A hereto), all goodwill associated therewith or 
symbolized thereby, and all rights, priorities and privileges related
thereto and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement, 
dilution, violation or other impairment thereof, including the
right to receive all Proceeds therefrom, including the right to receive 
all Proceeds therefrom (collectively, the “Collateral”),
as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and 
performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) of the Obligations; provided that, applications in the
 United States Patent and Trademark Office to register Trademarks
on the basis of Grantors’ “intent to use” such Trademarks will be deemed
 not to be Collateral unless and until an amendment
to allege use or a statement of use has been filed in the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office, whereupon such application shall
be automatically subject to the security interest granted herein and 
deemed to be included in the Collateral.
 


 
 

 
3. Purpose.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered by Grantors for the 
purpose of recording the grant of security interest herein with the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. The security interest granted
 hereby has been granted to the Secured Parties in connection
with the Security Agreement and is expressly subject to the terms and 
conditions thereof. The Security Agreement (and all rights and remedies
of the Secured Parties thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect
 in accordance with its terms.
 
4. Acknowledgment.
Grantors do hereby further acknowledge and affirm that the rights and 
remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the security interest
in the Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Credit 
Agreement and the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions
of which (including the remedies provided for therein) are incorporated 
by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. In the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the
 Security Agreement, the terms of the Security Agreement shall
govern.
 
5. Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which
together constitute one and the same original. The words “execution,” 
“signed,” “signature,” and words
of like import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic 
signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the
same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed 
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, 
including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, 
or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act.
 
6. Governing
Law: This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
 


 

 
IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective 
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.
 


 
[●], as Grantor

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 
[Signature Page to Trademark Security Agreement]
 

 
 

 


 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL  ASSOCIATION, 
as Collateral Agent

 
 
 

 
By:
                                      

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE A
 
United States Trademark Registrations and
Applications
 


OWNER
 
APPLICATION NUMBER
 
REGISTRATION NUMBER
 
TRADEMARK

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Material Inbound Exclusive Licenses in Trademarks
 


OWNER/
LICENSOR
 
GRANTOR/
LICENSEE
 
REGISTRATION NO./
APPLICATION NO.
 
TITLE
 
NAME OF LICENSEE
 
DATE 
OF
 LICENSE



 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 





 

 
 

 
ANNEX C TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
FORM OF GRANT OF
SECURITY INTEREST IN PATENTS
 
[attached]
 


 
 


 
GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN PATENT RIGHTS
 
This GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN PATENT RIGHTS
(“Agreement”), dated as of November [__], 2021, is made by Credit Parties party hereto (the “Grantors”),
in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent (the “Agent”) for the several banks and other
financial institutions (the “Lenders”) from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021
(as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Roller Bearing Company
of America, Inc. (the “Borrower”), RBC Bearings Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (“Holdings”),
the
 Lenders party thereto and the Agent. Capitalized terms used but not 
otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in
the Credit Agreement.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders
have severally agreed to make Loans to the Borrower, the Swingline 
Lender to make the Swingline Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuer
has agreed to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower 
and the Restricted Subsidiaries upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein;
 
WHEREAS,
 in connection with the Credit Agreement,
Grantors, the Borrower and any Subsidiaries that become a party thereto,
 have executed and delivered a Security Agreement, dated as of
November 1, 2021 in favor of the Agent (together with all amendments and
 modifications, if any, from time to time thereafter made thereto,
the “Security Agreement”); and
 
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Security Agreement, Grantors
have bargained, sold, conveyed, assigned, set over, mortgaged, pledged, 
hypothecated and transferred and granted to the Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in all 
its Intellectual Property, including its Patents, and has agreed
to execute this Agreement for purposes of recording the grant of the 
security interest in the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
 
NOW
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in order to induce the 
Lenders to make loans and the Swingline Lender to make the Swingline
Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuers to issue Letters of Credit for 
the account of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and
to induce one or more Lenders or Affiliates of Lenders to enter into 
Secured Cash Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements with
Holdings and/or its Subsidiaries, Grantors agree, for its benefit and 
the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, as follows:
 
1. Definitions.
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms
 used in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals,
have the meanings provided or provided by reference in the Credit 
Agreement and the Security Agreement.
 
2. Grant
of Security Interest. Grantors hereby grant to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest
in all of Grantors’ right, title and interest in, to and under its Patents (including, without limitation, those items listed on
Schedule A hereto), and all rights, priorities and privileges related thereto and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any
infringement, violation or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all Proceeds therefrom (collectively, the “Collateral”),
as
 collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance
 when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) of the Obligations.
 
3. Purpose.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered by Grantors for the 
purpose of recording the grant of security interest herein with the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. The security interest granted
 hereby has been granted to the Secured Parties in connection
with the Security Agreement and is expressly subject to the terms and 
conditions thereof. The Security Agreement (and all rights and remedies
of the Secured Parties thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect
 in accordance with its terms.
 
4. Acknowledgment.
Grantors do hereby further acknowledge and affirm that the rights and 
remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the security interest
in the Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Credit 
Agreement and the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions
of which (including the remedies provided for therein) are incorporated 
by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. In the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the
 Security Agreement, the terms of the Security Agreement shall
govern.
 
5. Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which
together constitute one and the same original. The words “execution,” 
“signed,” “signature,” and words
of like import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic 
signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the
same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed 
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, 
including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, 
or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act.
 
6. Governing
Law: This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
 



 

 
IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective 
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.
 


 
[●], as Grantor

 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 
[Signature Page to Patent Security Agreement]
 

 
 

 


 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
as Collateral Agent

 
 

 
By:
                      

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 
[Signature Page to Patent Security Agreement]
 


 
 

 
SCHEDULE A
 
United States Patent Registrations and Applications

 



OWNER
 

APPLICATION
    NUMBER
 

REGISTRATION
    NUMBER
 

TITLE

 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Material Inbound Exclusive Licenses in Patents
 



OWNER/
    LICENSOR
 

GRANTOR/
    LICENSEE
 

REGISTRATION
    NO./
    APPLICATION NO.
 

TITLE
 

NAME OF LICENSEE
 

DATE OF LICENSE

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 

 
 

 
ANNEX D TO THE
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
FORM OF GRANT OF
SECURITY INTEREST IN COPYRIGHT
 
[attached]
 


 
 

 

FORM OF GRANT OF
SECURITY INTEREST IN COPYRIGHT RIGHTS
 
This GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN COPYRIGHT RIGHTS
(“Agreement”), dated as of November [__], 2021, is made by Credit Parties party hereto (the “Grantors”),
in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent (the “Agent”) for the several banks and other
financial institutions (the “Lenders”) from time to time parties to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021
(as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Roller Bearing Company
of America, Inc. (the “Borrower”), RBC Bearings Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (“Holdings”),
the
 Lenders party thereto and the Agent. Capitalized terms used but not 
otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in
the Credit Agreement.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Lenders
have severally agreed to make Loans to the Borrower, the Swingline 
Lender to make the Swingline Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuer
has agreed to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower 
and the Restricted Subsidiaries upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein;
 
WHEREAS,
 in connection with the Credit Agreement,
Grantors, the Borrower and any Subsidiaries that become a party thereto,
 have executed and delivered a Security Agreement, dated as of
November 1, 2021 in favor of the Agent (together with all amendments and
 modifications, if any, from time to time thereafter made thereto,
the “Security Agreement”); and
 
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Security Agreement, Grantors
have bargained, sold, conveyed, assigned, set over, mortgaged, pledged, 
hypothecated and transferred and granted to the Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in all 
its Intellectual Property, including its Copyrights, and has agreed
to execute this Agreement for purposes of recording the grant of the 
security interest in the United States Copyright Office.
 


 
 

 
NOW
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration,
the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in order to induce the 
Lenders to make loans and the Swingline Lender to make the Swingline
Loans and the Letter of Credit Issuers to issue Letters of Credit for 
the account of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and
to induce one or more Lenders or Affiliates of Lenders to enter into 
Secured Cash Management Agreements or Secured Hedge Agreements with
Holdings and/or its Subsidiaries, Grantors agree, for its benefit and 
the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, as follows:
 
1. Definitions.
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms
 used in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals,
have the meanings provided or provided by reference in the Credit 
Agreement and the Security Agreement.
 
2. Grant
of Security Interest. Grantors hereby grant to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest
in all of Grantors’ right, title and interest in, to and under its Copyrights (including, without limitation, those items listed
on Schedule A hereto), and all rights, priorities and privileges 
related thereto and all rights to sue at law or in equity for
any infringement, violation or other impairment thereof, including the 
right to receive all Proceeds therefrom (collectively, the “Collateral”),
as
 collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance
 when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) of the Obligations.
 
3. Purpose.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered by Grantors for the 
purpose of recording the grant of security interest herein with the
United States Copyright Office. The security interest granted hereby has
 been granted to the Secured Parties in connection with the Security
Agreement and is expressly subject to the terms and conditions thereof. 
The Security Agreement (and all rights and remedies of the Secured
Parties thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance 
with its terms.
 
4. Acknowledgment.
Grantors do hereby further acknowledge and affirm that the rights and 
remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the security interest
in the Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Credit 
Agreement and the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions
of which (including the remedies provided for therein) are incorporated 
by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. In the event
of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the
 Security Agreement, the terms of the Security Agreement shall
govern.
 
5. Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which
together constitute one and the same original. The words “execution,” 
“signed,” “signature,” and words
of like import in this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic 
signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the
same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed 
signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, 
including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, 
or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act.
 
6. Governing
Law: This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
 

 
 

 
IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective 
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.
 


 
[●], as Grantor

 
 

 
By:
    

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 


 
[Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement]
 

 
 

 


 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
 as Collateral Agent

 
 

 
By:
                                                   

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 


 
[Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement]
 

 
 

 
SCHEDULE A
 
United States Copyright Registrations and Applications

 



OWNER
 

REGISTRATION
    NUMBER
 

TITLE

 
 
 
 
 


 
Material Inbound Exclusive Licenses in Copyrights
 



OWNER/
    LICENSOR
 

GRANTOR/
    LICENSEE
 

REGISTRATION
    NO./
    APPLICATION NO.
 

TITLE
 

NAME OF LICENSEE
 

DATE OF LICENSE

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 






EX-10.20
11
ex10-20.htm


 
Exhibit
10.20
 
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
This
Intellectual Property SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”),
dated as of January 22, 2021, by Endexx Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the “Grantor”), is in favor of Apollo
Management SPV LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the “Secured Party”).
 
W
I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS,
reference is made to that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise
modified from time to time, the “Security Agreement”), entered 
into by and among the Grantor, the other “Guarantors”
party thereto, and the Secured Party, which secures certain now existing
 and future arising obligations owing to the Secured Party
as provided in the Security Agreement;
 
WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Grantor is required to execute and deliver to the Secured Party this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Grantor has granted
 to the Secured Party, a security interest in substantially
all the assets of the Grantor, including all right, title and interest 
of the Grantor in, to and under all now owned and hereafter
acquired (i) trademarks, patents, and copyrights; (ii) trademark 
applications, patent applications, and copyright applications;
and (iii) trademark licenses, patent licenses, and copyright licenses, 
and all products and proceeds thereof, to secure the payment
of the Obligations (as defined in the Security Agreement).
 
NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for such other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor hereby grants to the 
Secured Party, to secure the Obligations, a continuing security
interest in all of the Grantor’s right, title, and interest in, to and 
under the following, whether presently existing or
hereafter created or acquired:
 
1.
Each United States and foreign trademark and trademark application, including, without limitation, each United States federally
registered trademark and trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations,
or extensions thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 
2.
Each trademark license, including, without limitation, each trademark license listed on Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together
with all goodwill associated therewith;
 
3.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 1 through 2, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement, 
misappropriation, dilution, violation, or other impairment of any 
trademark,
including, without limitation, any trademark referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to
a trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 and any trademark licensed under any trademark license listed on Schedule
1 annexed hereto (items 1 through 3 being herein collectively referred to as the “Trademark Collateral”);
 
4.
Each
 United States and foreign patent and patent application, including, 
without limitation, each United States federally registered
patent and patent application referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations, or extensions
thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 

1
 

 
5.
Each patent license, including, without limitation, each patent license listed on Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with
all goodwill associated therewith;
 
6.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 4 and 5, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against third
parties for past, present, or future infringement, misappropriation, 
dilution, violation, or other impairment of any patent, including,
without limitation, any patent referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a patent application
referred to in Schedule 2 and any patent licensed under any patent license listed on Schedule 2 annexed hereto (items
4 through 6 being herein collectively referred to as the “Patent Collateral”);
 
7.
Each United States and foreign copyright and copyright application, including, without limitation, each United States federally
registered copyright and copyright application referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations,
or extensions thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 
8.
Each copyright license, including, without limitation, each copyright license listed on Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together
with all goodwill associated therewith; and
 
9.
All products and proceeds of the foregoing items 7 and 8, including, without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against third
parties for past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation, or other impairment of any copyright,
including, without limitation, any copyright referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, any copyright issued pursuant to
a copyright application referred to in Schedule 3, and any copyright licensed under any copyright license listed on Schedule
3 annexed hereto (items 7 through 9 being herein collectively referred to as the “Copyright Collateral”;
items 1 through 9 being herein (i.e., the Trademark Collateral, the Patent Collateral, and the Copyright Collateral)
collectively referred to as the “IP Collateral”).
 
This
security
 interest is granted in conjunction with the security interests granted 
to the Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf
of the other Secured Party, pursuant to the Security Agreement. The 
Grantor hereby acknowledges and affirms that the rights and
remedies of the Collateral Agent with respect to the security interest 
in the IP Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully
set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which 
are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth
herein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the 
respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Security Agreement.
 
Grantor
shall
 give Collateral Agent prior written notice of no less than five (5) 
Business Days before filing any additional application
for registration of any trademark and prompt notice in writing of any 
additional trademark registrations, patent registration,
or copyright registrations granted therefor after the date hereof. 
Without limiting Grantor’s obligations under this paragraph,
Grantor hereby authorizes Collateral Agent unilaterally to modify this 
Agreement by amending Schedules 1, 2, or 3 to include any
future United States registered trademarks, patents, copyrights, or 
applications therefor of Grantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no failure to so modify this Agreement or amend Schedules 1, 2, or 3 
shall in any way affect, invalidate or detract from Collateral
Agent’s continuing security interest in all Collateral, whether or not 
listed on Schedule 1, 2, or 3.
 
Grantor
hereby
 agrees that, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, such 
Grantor shall assume full and complete responsibility
for the prosecution, defense, enforcement, or any other necessary or 
desirable actions in connection with their trademarks subject
to the security interest hereunder.
 

2
 

 
This
Agreement
 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties 
in separate counterparts, each of which when
so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signature
pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached 
to a single counterpart.
 
This
Agreement
 shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions 
concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement and all disputes arising hereunder 
shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Florida, without
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of Florida or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other 
than the State of Florida. The parties hereto (a) agree
that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or 
any other agreement, document, or other instrument executed
in connection herewith or therewith, shall be brought in any state or 
federal court located within the City of Miami, State of
Florida, (b) irrevocably waive any objections that either may now or 
hereafter have to the venue of any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any other agreement, 
document, or other instrument executed in connection herewith,
brought in the aforementioned courts, and (c) further irrevocably waive 
any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought
in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
 
The
Grantor has caused this Intellectual Property Security Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer thereunto
as of the date first set forth above.
 



 
ENDEXX
    CORPORATION

 
 
                    

 
By:
 

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 
Acknowledged:
 


APOLLO
    MANAGEMENT SPV LLC
 

 
 

By:
                
 

Name:
 
 

Title:
 
 

 

3
 

  
SCHEDULE
1
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Trademark
Collateral
 


FILE
NO.
 
COUNTRY
 
MARK

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

4
 

 
SCHEDULE
2
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Patent
Collateral
 


Patent/Application
#
 
Filing
Date
 
Title

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

5
 

 
SCHEDULE
3
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Copyright
Collateral
  

6

  





EX-10.3
7
ex10-3.htm


 
Exhibit
10.3
 

Intellectual
property SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
THIS
Intellectual property SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”),
dated as of August 5, 2019, by Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Grantor”), in favor of
, as a secured lender and Agent, and the other Secured Parties signatory to the Security Agreement (collectively, the “Secured
Party”).
 
WHEREAS:
 
A.
Reference is made to that certain Security Agreement (the “Security Agreement”),
 entered into by and among
the Grantor, the other “Guarantors” party thereto, and the Secured 
Party, which secures certain now existing and future
arising obligations owing to the Secured Party (as defined in the 
Security Agreement) under the Transaction Documents (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)), as provided in the 
Security Agreement;
 
B.
Pursuant to the Security Agreement and that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”),
entered
 into between the Grantor and Secured Party, the Grantor is required to 
execute and deliver to the Secured Party this Agreement;
 
C.
Pursuant
 to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Grantor has granted to the 
Secured Party (as defined in the Security Agreement),
a security interest in substantially all the assets of the Grantor, 
including all right, title and interest of the Grantor in,
the IP Collateral (as defined below);
 
D.
Each
 of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the rights granted 
hereunder by the Grantor with respect to certain collateral
are (a) second and subordinate to the security interest in the assets of
 the Grantor granted by the Grantor to Brickell Key Investments
LP (“BKI”) pursuant to that certain Proceeds Investment Agreement (the “PIA”) dated as of
July 31, 2018 between the Grantor and (b) subordinate in payment priority to the Minimum Return and the Security (as each such
term is defined in the PIA) and the rights of BKI under the PIA.; and
 
E.
Capitalized
 terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the 
Security Agreement or the Purchase Agreement shall
have the meanings given such terms in the Security Agreement or the 
Purchase Agreement.
 
NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements set forth 
herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Grantor hereby 
grants to the Secured Party, for the benefit of the Secured
Party (as defined in the Security Agreement), to secure the Obligations 
(as defined in the Security Agreement), a continuing security
interest in all of the Grantor’s right, title and interest in, to and 
under the following, whether presently existing or
hereafter created or acquired:
 
1.
Each United States and foreign trademark and trademark application, including, without limitation, each United States federally
registered trademark and trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations
or extensions thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 

1
 

 
2.
Each trademark license, including, without limitation, each trademark license listed on Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together
with all goodwill associated therewith;
 
3.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 1 through 2, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement, 
misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment of any 
trademark,
including, without limitation, any trademark referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to
a trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 and any trademark licensed under any trademark license listed on Schedule
1 annexed hereto (items 1 through 3 being herein collectively referred to as the “Trademark Collateral”);
 
4.
Each
 United States and foreign patent and patent application, including, 
without limitation, each United States federally registered
patent and patent application referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations or extensions
thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 
5.
Each patent license, including, without limitation, each patent license listed on Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with
all goodwill associated therewith;
 
6.
All products and proceeds of the foregoing items 4 through 5, including, without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment of any patent,
including, without limitation, any patent referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a
patent application referred to in Schedule 2 and any patent licensed under any patent license listed on Schedule 2
annexed hereto (items 4 through 6 being herein collectively referred to as the “Patent Collateral”);
 
7.
If applicable, each United States and foreign copyright and copyright application, including, without limitation, each United
States federally registered copyright and copyright application referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together with
any reissues, continuations or extensions thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 
8.
If applicable, each copyright license, including, without limitation, each copyright license listed on Schedule 3 annexed
hereto, together with all goodwill associated therewith;
 
9.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 7 through 8, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against
third parties for past, present or future infringement, 
misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment of any 
copyright,
including, without limitation, any copyright referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, any copyright issued pursuant to
a copyright application referred to in Schedule 3 and any copyright licensed under any copyright license listed on Schedule
3 annexed hereto (items 7 through 9 being herein collectively referred to as the “Copyright Collateral”;
items
 1 through 9 being herein (i.e., the Trademark Collateral, the Patent 
Collateral, and the Copyright Collateral) collectively
referred to as the “IP Collateral”).
 

2
 

 
This
security
 interest is granted in conjunction with the security interests granted 
to the Secured Party, pursuant to the Security
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the 
Purchase Agreement). The Grantor hereby acknowledges and affirms
that the rights and remedies of the Secured Party with respect to the 
security interest in the IP Collateral made and granted
hereby are more fully set forth in the Transaction Documents (as defined
 in the Purchase Agreement), the terms and provisions
of which are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth 
herein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have
the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Transaction Documents 
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
 
Grantor
shall
 give Secured Party prior written notice of no less than five (5) 
Business Days before filing any additional application
for registration of any trademark and prompt notice in writing of any 
additional trademark registrations, patent registration,
or copyright registrations granted therefor after the date hereof. 
Without limiting Grantor’s obligations under this paragraph,
Grantor hereby authorizes Secured Party unilaterally to modify this 
Agreement by amending Schedules 1, 2, or 3 to include any
future United States registered trademarks, patents, copyrights or 
applications therefor of Grantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no failure to so modify this Agreement or amend Schedules 1, 2, or 3 
shall in any way affect, invalidate or detract from Secured
Party’s continuing security interest in all Collateral, whether or not 
listed on Schedule 1, 2, or 3.
 
Grantor
hereby
 agrees that, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, such 
Grantor shall assume full and complete responsibility
for the prosecution, defense, enforcement or any other necessary or 
desirable actions in connection with their trademarks subject
to the security interest hereunder.
 
This
Agreement
 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties 
in separate counterparts, each of which when
so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signature
pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached 
to a single counterpart.
 
This
Agreement is a Transaction Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
 
This
Agreement
 shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions 
concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement and all disputes arising hereunder 
shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision 
or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any 
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The parties
hereto (a) agree that any legal action or proceeding with respect to 
this Agreement or any other agreement, document, or other
instrument executed in connection herewith or therewith, shall be 
brought in any state or federal court located within the City
of New York, New York, (b) irrevocably waive any objections which either
 may now or hereafter have to the venue of any suit, action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any other
 agreement, document, or other instrument executed in
connection herewith, brought in the aforementioned courts and (c) 
further irrevocably waive any claim that any such suit, action,
or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum.
 
Each
of the Grantor and the Secured Party hereby acknowledges and affirms that Section 18 and Section 19 of the Security Agreement
are incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. It is the intention of the parties that such Sections and the
terms and provisions of the previous paragraph are to the extent feasible meant to be read together for the purpose of achieving
the utmost consistency.
 
[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
 

3
 

 
The
Grantor has caused this Intellectual Property Security Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officer thereunto
as of the date first set forth above.
 


 
DIGITAL
    ALLY, INC., a Nevada corporation

 
 
 

 
By:
           

 
Name:
 

 
Title:
 

 


Acknowledged:
 

 
 
 

as
    Secured Party and Agent
 

 
 
 

By:
                     
 

Name:
    
 
 

Title:
    
 
 

 

4
 

 

SCHEDULE
1
to
Intellectual
property SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Trademark
Collateral
 

5
 

 

SCHEDULE
2
to
Intellectual
property SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Patent
Collateral
 

6
 


 
SCHEDULE
3
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Copyright
Collateral
 
 

7
 

 





EX-10.43
15
ex10-43.htm


 
Exhibit 10.43
 
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
This
Intellectual Property SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”),
dated as of August 31, 2022, by Endexx Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the “Grantor”), is in favor of M2B Funding
Corp., a Florida corporation, and 3A Capital Establishment, a company registered in Liechtenstein (each a “Secured Party”,
and collectively, the “Secured Parties”).
 
W
I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS,
reference is made to that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified
from time to time, the “Security Agreement”), entered into by and
 among the Grantor, the other “Guarantors”
party thereto, and each Secured Party, which secures certain now 
existing and future arising obligations owing to the Secured Parties
as provided in the Security Agreement;
 
WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Grantor is required to execute and deliver to each Secured Party this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Grantor has granted
 to the Secured Parties, a security interest in substantially
all the assets of the Grantor, including all right, title and interest 
of the Grantor in, to and under all now owned and hereafter acquired
(i) trademarks, patents, and copyrights; (ii) trademark applications, 
patent applications, and copyright applications; and (iii) trademark
licenses, patent licenses, and copyright licenses, and all products and 
proceeds thereof, to secure the payment of the Obligations (as
defined in the Security Agreement).
 
NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for such other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor hereby grants to the Secured 
Parties, to secure the Obligations, a continuing security interest
in all of the Grantor’s right, title, and interest in, to and under the 
following, whether presently existing or hereafter created
or acquired:
 
1.
Each
 United States and foreign trademark and trademark application, 
including, without limitation, each United States federally registered
trademark and trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations, or extensions
thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 
2.
Each trademark license, including, without limitation, each trademark license listed on Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together with
all goodwill associated therewith;
 
3.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 1 through 2, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against third parties
for past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution, 
violation, or other impairment of any trademark, including, without
limitation, any trademark referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a trademark application referred
to in Schedule 1 and any trademark licensed under any trademark license listed on Schedule 1 annexed hereto (items 1 through
3 being herein collectively referred to as the “Trademark Collateral”);
 
4.
Each
 United States and foreign patent and patent application, including, 
without limitation, each United States federally registered
patent and patent application referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations, or extensions
thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 

ENDEXX M2B and 3A IP Security Agreement August 2022.21
 

 
5.
Each patent license, including, without limitation, each patent license listed on Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with all
goodwill associated therewith;
 
6.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 4 and 5, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against third parties
for past, present, or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution, 
violation, or other impairment of any patent, including, without
limitation, any patent referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a patent application referred
to in Schedule 2 and any patent licensed under any patent license listed on Schedule 2 annexed hereto (items 4 through
6 being herein collectively referred to as the “Patent Collateral”);
 
7.
Each
 United States and foreign copyright and copyright application, 
including, without limitation, each United States federally registered
copyright and copyright application referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations, or extensions
thereof and all goodwill associated therewith;
 
8.
Each copyright license, including, without limitation, each copyright license listed on Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together with
all goodwill associated therewith; and
 
9.
All
 products and proceeds of the foregoing items 7 and 8, including, 
without limitation, any claim by the Grantor against third parties
for past, present or future infringement, misappropriation, dilution, 
violation, or other impairment of any copyright, including, without
limitation, any copyright referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, any copyright issued pursuant to a copyright application referred
to in Schedule 3, and any copyright licensed under any copyright license listed on Schedule 3 annexed hereto (items 7 through
9 being herein collectively referred to as the “Copyright Collateral”; items 1 through 9 being herein (i.e.,
the Trademark Collateral, the Patent Collateral, and the Copyright Collateral) collectively referred to as the “IP Collateral”).
 
This
security
 interest is granted in conjunction with the security interests granted 
to the Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of
the other Secured Party, pursuant to the Security Agreement. The Grantor
 hereby acknowledges and affirms that the rights and remedies
of the Collateral Agent with respect to the security interest in the IP 
Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set forth in
the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are 
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. 
Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings ascribed 
thereto in the Security Agreement.
 
Grantor
shall
 give Collateral Agent prior written notice of no less than five (5) 
Business Days before filing any additional application for
registration of any trademark and prompt notice in writing of any 
additional trademark registrations, patent registration, or copyright
registrations granted therefor after the date hereof. Without limiting 
Grantor’s obligations under this paragraph, Grantor hereby
authorizes Collateral Agent unilaterally to modify this Agreement by 
amending Schedules 1, 2, or 3 to include any future United States
registered trademarks, patents, copyrights, or applications therefor of 
Grantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure to so modify
this Agreement or amend Schedules 1, 2, or 3 shall in any way affect, 
invalidate or detract from Collateral Agent’s continuing
security interest in all Collateral, whether or not listed on Schedule 
1, 2, or 3.
 
Grantor
hereby
 agrees that, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, such 
Grantor shall assume full and complete responsibility for the
prosecution, defense, enforcement, or any other necessary or desirable 
actions in connection with their trademarks subject to the security
interest hereunder.
 

ENDEXX M2B and 3A IP Security Agreement August 2022.22
 

 
This
Agreement
 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties 
in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same agreement. Signature pages may be
detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single 
counterpart.
 
This
Agreement
 shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions 
concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Agreement and all disputes arising hereunder 
shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of Nevada or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the 
State of Nevada. The parties hereto (a) agree that any legal action
or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or any other agreement, 
document, or other instrument executed in connection herewith or
therewith, shall be brought in any state or federal court located within
 the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, (b) irrevocably waive
any objections that either may now or hereafter have to the venue of any
 suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, or any other agreement, document, or other instrument 
executed in connection herewith, brought in the aforementioned courts,
and (c) further irrevocably waive any claim that any such suit, action, 
or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.
 
The
Grantor
 has caused this Intellectual Property Security Agreement to be duly 
executed by its duly authorized officer thereunto as of the
date first set forth above.
 



 
ENDEXX CORPORATION

 
 

 
By:
    
 

 
Name:
                   

 
Title:
    
 

 
Acknowledged:
 
M2B
Funding Corp.
 


By:
    
 
 

Name:
    
 
 

Title:
 
 

 
3A
CAPITAL ESTABLISHMENT
 


By:
    
 
 

Name:
    
 
 

Title:
    
 
 

 

ENDEXX M2B and 3A IP Security Agreement August 2022.23
 

 
SCHEDULE
1
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Trademark
Collateral
 


FILE
    NO.
 
COUNTRY
 
MARK

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

ENDEXX M2B and 3A IP Security Agreement August 2022.24
 

 
SCHEDULE
2
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Patent
Collateral
 


Patent/Application
    #
 
Filing
    Date
 
Title

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

ENDEXX M2B and 3A IP Security Agreement August 2022.25
 

 
SCHEDULE
3
to
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Copyright
Collateral
 


ENDEXX M2B and 3A IP Security Agreement August 2022.26

 





EX-10.1
2
exhibit101.htm
THIRD LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 6, 2020, BY 
AND AMONG SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC., CERTAIN OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AND U.S. 
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


EXHIBIT 10.1
EXHIBIT 10.1
 
EXECUTION VERSION
The
 liens and security interests securing the obligations as evidenced 
hereby are subject to the provisions of the Third Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement dated as of January 6, 2020 (as amended or modified from time 
to time), by and among TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as Term Loan 
Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Revolving Loan Agent, and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as Third Lien Agent, and acknowledged by the 
Obligor and other Grantors. In the event of any conflict between the 
terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this 
agreement, the terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall 
govern and control.
THIRD LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT 
dated as of 
January 6, 2020
among 
SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC., 
THE GRANTORS PARTY HERETO 
and
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
as Third Lien Agent

SCHEDULES:
SCHEDULE 1:Material Commercial Tort Claims 
EXHIBITS:
Exhibit A Copyright Security Agreement 
Exhibit BPatent Security Agreement 
Exhibit CTrademark Security Agreement 
Exhibit DForm of Extended Prepetition Debt Letter Agreement 

THIRD LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT
THIRD LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”),
 dated as of January 6, 2020, among SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC., as Obligor, 
the SUBSIDIARY GRANTORS party hereto and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
 (the “Third Lien Agent”).
WHEREAS, School Specialty, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Obligor”)
 has obligations in respect of the “Extended Prepetition Debt” (as 
defined below) and such Extended Prepetition Debt is permitted to be 
secured by certain liens on the Collateral consisting of personal 
property (other than the ABL Priority Collateral) as set forth in this 
Agreement;
WHEREAS,
 the Obligor and the Subsidiary Grantors are willing to secure the 
obligations of the Obligor in respect of the Extended Prepetition Debt 
by granting Liens on their assets to the Third Lien Agent as provided in
 the Security Documents;
WHEREAS,
 the Obligor is willing to cause certain of its Subsidiaries to grant 
Liens on their assets to the Third Lien Agent as provided in the 
Security Documents; and
WHEREAS,
 the letter agreements governing the Extended Prepetition Debt authorize
 the Obligor to appoint a collateral agent for the Secured Parties.
NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
SECTION 1.Definitions. 
(a)Terms Defined in UCC. As used herein, each of the following terms has the meaning specified in the UCC: 
Term
UCC
 
 

Account
9-102
 
 

Authenticate
9-102
 
 

Certificated Security
8-102
 
 

Chattel Paper
9-102
 
 

Commercial Tort Claim
9-102
 
 

Commodity Account
9-102
 
 

Commodity Customer
9-102
 
 

Deposit Account
9-102
 
 

Document
9-102
 
 

Entitlement Holder
8-102
 
 

Equipment
9-102
 
 

Financial Asset
8-102
&
103

General Intangibles
9-102
 
 

Instrument
9-102
 
 

Inventory
9-102
 
 

Investment Property
9-102
 
 

Letter-of-Credit Right
9-102
 
 


1

Money
1-201
 
 

Record
9-102
 
 

Securities Account
8-501
 
 

Securities Intermediary
8-102
 
 

Security
8-102
&
103

Security Entitlement
8-102
 
 

Supporting Obligations
9-102
 
 

Uncertificated Security
8-102
 
 


 
(b)Additional Definitions. The following additional terms, as used herein, have the following meanings: 
“ABL Priority Collateral”
 shall at all times have the meaning assigned such term in the Senior 
Lien Intercreditor Agreement (as such term may be amended or modified 
from time to time).  For convenience of reference for the parties 
hereto, as of the date of hereof such term is defined in the Senior Lien
 Intercreditor Agreement as follows:
“[A]ll
 of the following assets that constitute Collateral, whether now owned 
or hereafter acquired (including any of the following assets acquired or
 created after the commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation 
Proceeding) and wherever located:
(a)all
 Accounts (including credit card receivables, but excluding Accounts 
arising under agreements for the Disposition of Term Priority Collateral
 described in clauses (a) through (k) of the definition of such term); 
(b)all
 Chattel Paper (including all Electronic Chattel Paper and all Tangible 
Chattel Paper) to the extent evidencing, governing or otherwise relating
 to any of the items constituting ABL Priority Collateral under clause 
(a) above; 
(c) all
 Inventory (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Inventory that is or 
becomes branded, or produced through the use or other application of, 
any Intellectual Property); 
(d)all
 Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts (in each 
case, other than any Asset Sale Proceeds Account) and all Money or other
 assets (including all "Cash Equivalents" as defined in the ABL Credit 
Agreement as in effect on the date hereof), Financial Assets and 
Securities Entitlements contained in, or credited to, or arising from 
any such Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts or Commodity Accounts (in
 each case, except to the extent constituting identifiable Proceeds of 
Term Priority Collateral); 
(e)to
 the extent payable with respect to periods prior to the Exercise of 
Secured Creditor Remedies by any Secured Party, all business 
interruption insurance policies and proceeds arising thereunder; 
(f)to
 the extent evidencing, governing, securing or otherwise relating to any
 of the items constituting ABL Priority Collateral under clauses (a) 
through (d) above, all General Intangibles (excluding goodwill, 
Intellectual Property (but subject to the rights of the ABL  
2

Agent
 under Section 4.2), Indebtedness (or any evidence thereof) between or 
among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any Capital Stock in 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), Instruments (including 
Promissory Notes), Commercial Tort Claims, Documents, and insurance 
policies (excluding business interruption insurance policies) regardless
 of whether the ABL Agent is the loss payee thereof (in each case, 
except to the extent constituting identifiable Proceeds of Term Priority
 Collateral);
(g)all collateral and guarantees given by any other Person with respect to any of the foregoing; 
(h) all
 Supporting Obligations (including Letter-of-Credit Rights) and all 
Proceeds of any of the foregoing, including Proceeds consisting of 
Commercial Tort Claims and Payment Intangibles arising from the 
Disposition or other collection of ABL Priority Collateral described in 
any of clauses (a) through (g) above; and 
(i) all books and Records to the extent relating to any of the foregoing.
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, the term “ABL Priority Collateral” shall not include any
 assets referred to in any of clauses (a) through (j) of the definition 
of the term “Term Priority Collateral”.”
“Agent Professionals”
 means attorneys, accountants, appraisers, auditors, business valuation 
experts, environmental engineers or consultants, turnaround consultants,
 and other professionals and experts retained by the Third Lien Agent.
“Agreement” has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.
“Business Day”
 means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which 
commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in 
fact closed in, Chicago, IL, New York, NY, or St. Paul, MN.
“Capital Stock”
 means any and all shares, interests, participations or other 
equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any 
and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a 
corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any
 of the foregoing.
“Cash Distributions”
 means dividends, interest and other distributions and payments 
(including proceeds of liquidation, sale or other disposition) made or 
received in cash upon or with respect to any Collateral.
“Collateral”
 means all property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, on which a
 Lien is granted or purports to be granted to the Third Lien Agent 
pursuant to the Security Documents. When used with respect to a specific
 Grantor, the term “Collateral” means all its property on which such a 
Lien is granted or purports to be granted.
“Contingent Obligation”
 means, at any time, any Obligation (or portion thereof) that is 
contingent in nature at such time, including any Obligation that is:
3

(i)any obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or 
(ii)an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. 
“Control” has the meaning specified in UCC Section 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106 or 9-107, as may be applicable to the relevant Collateral.
“Copyright License”
 means any agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to any 
Grantor, or pursuant to which any Grantor grants to any other Person, 
any right to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works,
 display or publish any records or other materials on which a Copyright 
is in existence or may come into existence (excluding any Exclusive 
Copyright License).
“Copyrights”
 means all the following: (i) all copyrights under the laws of the 
United States or any other country (whether or not the underlying works 
of authorship have been published), all registrations and recordings 
thereof, all copyrightable works of authorship (whether or not 
published), and all applications for copyrights under the laws of the 
United States or any other country, including registrations, recordings 
and applications in the United States Copyright Office or in any similar
 office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other 
country or any political subdivision thereof, including those described 
in Schedule 1 to any Copyright Security Agreement, (ii) all renewals of 
any of the foregoing, (iii) all claims for, and rights to sue for, past 
or future infringements of any of the foregoing, and (iv) all income, 
royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with 
respect to any of the foregoing, including damages and payments for past
 or future infringements thereof.
“Copyright Security Agreement”
 means a Copyright Security Agreement, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A (with any changes that the Third Lien Agent and the Obligor 
shall have approved), executed and delivered by a Grantor in favor of 
the Third Lien Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
“Directing Creditors”
 means holders of Extended Prepetition Debt holding at least 51% of the 
aggregate outstanding amount of the Extended Prepetition Debt at such 
time. 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Obligor that is not a Foreign Subsidiary.
“Effective Date” means January 6, 2020.
“Equity Interest”
 means, with respect to any Person, (a) the Capital Stock of such Person
 and (b) any Security Entitlement in respect of any Capital Stock of 
such Person.
“Event of Default”
 means any of the following, (a) failure of the Obligor to pay the 
Obligations when due, (b) any representation, warranty or other written 
statement of the Obligor or any other Grantor made in connection with 
this Agreement or the other Security Documents is incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when given, (c) the Obligor or any 
other Grantor breaches or fails to perform any other covenant contained 
in this Agreement or the other Security 
4

Documents,
 and such breach or failure is not cured within thirty (30) days after 
receiving written notice thereof from the Third Lien Agent, or (d) a 
proceeding under title 11 of the United States Code is commenced by the 
Obligor or any other Grantor.
“Excluded Assets” has the meaning specified in Section 2.
“Exclusive Copyright License”
 means any material agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to 
any Grantor an exclusive right to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, 
prepare derivative works, display or publish any materials on which a 
United States Copyright is in existence or may come into existence.
“Extended Prepetition Debt”
 means the indebtedness of the Obligor under letter agreements in the 
form of Exhibit D (with any changes as may be approved by the Revolving 
Loan Agent and Term Loan Agent) entered into from time to time with 
holders of Allowed Class 5 and Class 6 Claims under the Obligor’s Second
 Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization confirmed on May 13, 2013 (In re School Specialty, Inc.,
 No. 13-10125-KJC (Bankr. D. Del. 2013), ECF No. 1158), pursuant to 
which letter agreements said holders have agreed to extend the payment 
date of their respective claims against the Obligor. 
“Full Payment” means, with respect to any Obligations, the full and indefeasible cash payment thereof, including any interest.
“Governmental Authority”
 means any federal, state, local, foreign or other agency, authority, 
body, commission, court, instrumentality, political subdivision, central
 bank, or other entity or officer exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions for 
any governmental, judicial, investigative, regulatory or self-regulatory
 authority (including any supra-national bodies such as the European 
Union or European Central Bank). 
“Grantors” means the Obligor and the Subsidiary Grantors.
“Subsidiary Grantors” means each Subsidiary listed on the signature pages hereof under the caption “Subsidiary Grantors.”
“Intellectual Property”
 means all intellectual property and similar proprietary property of any
 Grantor of every kind and nature now owned or hereafter acquired by any
 Grantor, including inventions, designs, Patents, Copyrights, Licenses, 
Trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, confidential or 
proprietary technical and business information, customer lists, 
know-how, show-how or other data or information, software and databases 
and all embodiments or fixations thereof and related documentation, 
registrations, applications and franchises, and all additions, 
improvements and accessions to, licenses or other rights to use, and 
books and records describing or used in connection with, any of the 
foregoing.
“Intellectual Property Filing”
 means (i) with respect to any Patent or Trademark, the filing of the 
applicable Patent Security Agreement or Trademark Security Agreement 
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, together with an 
appropriately completed recordation form, and (ii) with respect to any 
Copyright or Exclusive Copyright License, the filing of the 
5

applicable
 Copyright Security Agreement with the United States Copyright Office, 
together with an appropriately completed recordation form.
“Intellectual Property Security Agreement” means a Copyright Security Agreement, a Patent Security Agreement or a Trademark Security Agreement.
“License”
 means any Patent License, Trademark License, Copyright License, 
Exclusive Copyright License or other license or sublicense agreement 
relating to Intellectual Property to which any Grantor is a party.
“Material Adverse Effect”
 means the effect of any event or circumstances that, taken alone or in 
conjunction with other events or circumstances, (a) has or could be 
reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, 
assets, liabilities, operations or financial condition of the Grantors, 
individually or taken as a whole, on the value of any material 
Collateral or on the validity or priority of the Transaction Liens on 
any Collateral, or on the enforceability of any Extended Prepetition 
Debt; (b) materially impairs the ability of the Obligor to perform the 
Obligations; or (c) otherwise materially impairs the ability of the 
Third Lien Agent to enforce or collect any Obligations or to realize 
upon any Collateral. 
“Material Commercial Tort Claim” means a Commercial Tort Claim involving a claim for more than $500,000.
“Non-Contingent Obligation” means at any time any Obligation (or portion thereof) that is not a Contingent Obligation at such time.
“Obligations” means all obligations of the Obligor in respect of the Extended Prepetition Debt or under this Agreement.
“Obligor” has the meaning specified in the preamble hereto.
“Original Grantor” means any Grantor that grants a Lien on any of its assets hereunder on the Effective Date.
“own”
 refers to the possession of sufficient rights in property to grant a 
security interest therein as contemplated by UCC Section 9-203, and “acquire” refers to the acquisition of any such rights.
“Patent License”
 means any agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to any 
Grantor, or pursuant to which any Grantor grants to any other Person, 
any right with respect to any Patent or any invention now or hereafter 
in existence, whether patentable or not, whether a patent or application
 for patent is in existence on such invention or not, and whether a 
patent or application for patent on such invention may come into 
existence or not.
“Patent Security Agreement”
 means a Patent Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit
 B (with any changes that the Third Lien Agent and the Obligor shall 
have approved), executed and delivered by a Grantor in favor of the 
Third Lien Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
6

“Patents”
 means (i) all letters patent and design letters patent of the United 
States or any other country and all applications for letters patent or 
design letters patent of the United States or any other country, 
including applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State 
thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, 
including those described in Schedule 1 to any Patent Security 
Agreement, (ii) all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations in
 part, revisions and extensions of any of the foregoing, (iii) all 
claims for, and rights to sue for, past or future infringements of any 
of the foregoing and (iv) all income, royalties, damages and payments 
now or hereafter due or payable with respect to any of the foregoing, 
including damages and payments for past or future infringements thereof.
“Permitted Collateral Liens”
 means (a) Liens granted to the Revolving Loan Agent to secure the 
Revolving Loans or to the Term Loan Agent to secure the Term Loans, (b) 
the “Permitted Liens” under the Revolving Loan Agreement or the Term 
Loan Agreement (as such term is defined therein), and (c) liens that 
arise by operation of law.
“Person”
 means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated 
organization, Governmental Authority or other entity.
“Pledged”,
 when used in conjunction with any type of asset, means at any time an 
asset of such type that is included (or that creates rights that are 
included) in the Collateral at such time. For example, “Pledged Equity 
Interest” means an Equity Interest that is included in the Collateral at
 such time.
“Proceeds”
 means all “proceeds” (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) and 
including, in any event, all proceeds of, and all other profits, 
products, rents or receipts, in whatever form, arising from the 
collection, sale, lease, exchange, assignment, licensing or other 
disposition of, or other realization upon, any Collateral, including all
 claims of the relevant Grantor against third parties for loss of, 
damage to or destruction of, or for proceeds payable under, or unearned 
premiums with respect to, policies of insurance in respect of, any 
Collateral, and any condemnation or requisition payments with respect to
 any Collateral.
“Recordable Intellectual Property”
 means (i) any material Patent issued or applied for issuance with the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, (ii) any material Trademark 
registered or applied for registration with the United States Patent and
 Trademark Office, (iii) any material Copyright registered or applied 
for registration with the United States Copyright Office, and (iv) any 
Exclusive Copyright License.
“Related Parties”
 means with respect to any specified Person, such Person’s Affiliates 
and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors 
of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates.
“Release Conditions” means the following conditions for terminating all the Transaction Liens:
(i)Full Payment of all Extended Prepetition Debt; and 
7

(ii)no
 Contingent Obligation (other than contingent indemnification and 
expense reimbursement obligations which are not due and payable and as 
to which no claim shall have been asserted) shall remain outstanding. 
“Revolving Loan” means a “Loan,” as such term is defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement.
“Revolving Loan Agent” means Bank of America, N.A., as agent, and its successors and assigns in such capacities.
“Revolving Loan Agreement” means that certain Loan Agreement dated as of June 11, 2013 (as amended or modified from time to time) among, inter alios, the Obligor and certain of its subsidiaries, as borrowers and guarantors, and the Revolving Loan Agent.
 “Secured Parties” means the holders from time to time of the Extended Prepetition Debt and the Third Lien Agent.
“Security Documents”
 means this Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreements and
 all other supplemental or additional security agreements, control 
agreements or similar instruments now or hereafter securing (or given 
with the intent to secure) any Obligations.
“Senior Lien Intercreditor Agreement”
 means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of April 7, 2017 
(as amended or modified from time to time) among the Revolving Loan 
Agent and the Term Loan Agent, and acknowledged and consented to by the 
Obligor and other Grantors.
“Term Loan Agent” means TCW Asset Management, LLC as agent, and its successors and assigns in such capacities.
“Term Loan Agreement”
 means that certain Loan Agreement dated as of April 7, 2017 (as amended
 or modified from time to time) among the Obligor, as borrower, certain 
of the Obligor’s subsidiaries, as guarantors, the financial institutions
 party thereto, as lenders, and the Term Loan Agent. 
“Term Loans” means the “Loans,” as such term is defined in the Term Loan Agreement.  
“Term Priority Collateral” shall
 at all times have the meaning assigned such term in the Senior Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement (as such term may be amended or modified from 
time to time).  For convenience of reference for the parties 
hereto, as of the date of hereof such term is defined in the Senior Lien
 Intercreditor Agreement as follows: 
“[A]ll
 of the following assets that constitute Collateral, whether now owned 
or hereafter acquired (including any of the following assets acquired or
 created after the commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation 
Proceeding) and wherever located:
(a)all Equipment and all real property and interests therein (including both fee and leasehold interests) and all Fixtures; 
8

(b)all Intellectual Property (subject to the rights of the ABL Agent under Section 4.2); 
(c)all
 Capital Stock and other Investment Property (other than Investment 
Property constituting ABL Priority Collateral under clause (e) of the 
definition of such term); 
(d)except
 to the extent constituting ABL Priority Collateral under clause (g) of 
the definition of such term, all Instruments, Documents and other 
General Intangibles (including goodwill, Indebtedness (or any evidence 
thereof) between or among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other 
than Accounts included as ABL Priority Collateral), databases, customer 
lists, and tax refunds); 
(e)except
 to the extent constituting ABL Priority Collateral under clause (g) or 
(i) of the definition of such term, all Commercial Tort Claims; 
(f)all
 Asset Sale Proceeds Accounts and all Money, Financial Assets, 
Securities Entitlements or other assets contained in, or credited to, or
 arising from any such Asset Sale Proceeds Accounts (in each case, 
except to the extent constituting identifiable Proceeds of ABL Priority 
Collateral); 
(g)to
 the extent payable with respect to periods from and after the Exercise 
of Secured Creditor Remedies by any Secured Party, all business 
interruption insurance policies and proceeds arising thereunder; 
(h)all
 insurance policies relating to Term Priority Collateral (excluding 
business interruption insurance policies) regardless of whether the Term
 Agent is the loss payee thereof; 
(i)all collateral and guarantees given by any other Person with respect to any of the foregoing; 
(j)all Supporting Obligations (including Letter-of-Credit Rights) and all Proceeds of any of the foregoing; 
(k)all other Collateral not constituting ABL Priority Collateral; and 
(I)all books and Records to the extent relating to any of the foregoing. 
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, the term “Term Priority Collateral” shall not include 
any assets referred to in any of clauses (a) through (i) of the term 
“ABL Priority Collateral”.”
“Third Lien Agent” mean U.S. Bank National Association as agent, and its successors and assigns in such capacities.
“Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement”
 means that certain Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement dated as of 
January 6, 2020 (as amended or modified from time to time), by and among
 the Term Loan Agent, the Revolving Loan Agent, and the Third Lien 
Agent, and acknowledged by the Obligor and other Grantors.
9

“Trademark License”
 means any agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to any 
Grantor, or pursuant to which any Grantor grants to any other Person, 
any right to use any Trademark.
“Trademark Security Agreement”
 means a Trademark Security Agreement, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit C (with any changes that the Third Lien Agent and the Obligor 
shall have approved), executed and delivered by a Grantor in favor of 
the Third Lien Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
“Trademarks”
 means: (i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names,
 business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks,
 logos, brand names, trade dress, prints and labels on which any of the 
foregoing have appeared or appear, package and other designs, and all 
other source or business identifiers, and all general intangibles of 
like nature, and the rights in any of the foregoing which arise under 
applicable law, (ii) the goodwill of the business symbolized thereby or 
associated with each of them, (iii) all registrations and applications 
in connection therewith, including registrations and applications in the
 United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or 
agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or 
any political subdivision thereof, including those described in Schedule
 1 to any Trademark Security Agreement, (iv) all renewals of any of the 
foregoing, (v) all claims for, and rights to sue for, past or future 
infringements of any of the foregoing and (vi) all income, royalties, 
damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect to any
 of the foregoing, including damages and payments for past or future 
infringements thereof.
“Transaction Liens” means the Liens granted by the Grantors under the Security Documents.
“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided that,
 if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the 
priority of any Transaction Lien on any Collateral is governed by the 
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New 
York, “UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to 
time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof 
relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or 
priority.
SECTION 2.Grant of Transaction Liens. 
 Obligor, in order to secure all Obligations, and each Grantor party 
hereto, in order to secure all Obligations, grants to the Third Lien 
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a continuing security 
interest in all the following property of Obligor or such Grantor, as 
the case may be, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or 
arising and regardless of where located: 
(i)all Documents; 
(ii)all Goods, including Inventory, Equipment and fixtures; 
(iii)all
 General Intangibles (including (x) any Equity Interests in other 
Persons that do not constitute Investment Property and (y) any 
Intellectual Property); 
(iv)all Instruments; 
10

(v)all Investment Property; 
(vi)all Commercial Tort Claims, including those described in Schedule 1; 
(vii)all Letter-of-Credit Rights; 
(viii)all Supporting Obligations; 
(ix)all
 accessions to, substitutions for, and all replacements, products, and 
cash and non-cash proceeds of the foregoing, including proceeds of and 
unearned premiums with respect to insurance policies, and claims against
 any Person for loss, damage or destruction of any Collateral; 
(x)all vehicles and title documents with respect to vehicles; 
(xi)all other personal property whether or not subject to the Code; 
(xii)all
 books and records (including customer lists, credit files, computer 
programs, printouts and other computer materials and records) of such 
Grantor pertaining to any of its Collateral; and 
(xiii)all Proceeds of the Collateral described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (xii); 
provided
 that the following property is excluded from the foregoing security 
interests (it being understood that such grant will be applicable at 
such time as any such property or assets ceases to constitute Excluded 
Assets): (A) Deposit Accounts; (B) Securities Accounts; (C) Cash not 
constituting proceeds of Term Priority Collateral; (D) Equity Interests,
 (E) any lease, license or other agreement to the extent that a grant of
 a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, 
license or agreement or create a right of termination in favor of any 
other party thereto (other than the Obligor or any other Grantor) after 
giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC, 
(F) any properties and assets with respect to which the Term Loan Agent 
determines in its good faith judgment that the costs or other 
consequences of granting or perfecting a security interest therein are 
excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Secured Parties,
 (G) any United States intent-to-use Trademark applications to the 
extent that, and solely during the period in which, the grant of a 
security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of
 such intent-to-use Trademark applications under applicable federal law,
 (H) any letter of credit rights to the extent any Grantor is required 
by applicable law to apply the proceeds of a drawing of such letter of 
credit for a specified purpose, (I) any governmental licenses or state 
or local franchises, charters and authorizations, to the extent security
 interests in such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations are 
prohibited or restricted thereby after giving effect to the applicable 
anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code,  (J) any
 property to the extent that the grant of a security interest therein is
 prohibited by any applicable law or regulation, requires a consent not 
obtained of any Governmental Authority pursuant to any applicable law or
 regulation, or is prohibited by, or would constitute a breach or 
default under or would result in the termination, invalidation or 
abandonment of or requires any consent not obtained under, any contract,
 license, agreement, instrument or other document evidencing or giving 
rise to such 
11

property
 or, in the case of any Investment Property, any applicable shareholder 
or similar agreement, and (K) the ABL Priority Collateral (the 
foregoing, collectively, the “Excluded Assets”), provided that the 
foregoing limitation in clause (G) shall not affect, limit, restrict or 
impair the grant by a Grantor of a security interest pursuant to this 
Agreement in any asset or right to the extent that Sections 9-406 and 
9-408 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof 
would permit (and excuse any default or violation resulting therefrom) 
the creation of a security interest in such asset or right 
notwithstanding such law or regulation or the provision of such 
contract, license, agreement, instrument or other document or 
shareholder or similar agreement prohibiting the creation of a security 
interest therein or shall render such provision unenforceable. Each 
Grantor shall upon request of the Third Lien Agent (as directed by the 
Directing Creditors) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any 
such required consent that is reasonably obtainable, it being understood
 and agreed that no Grantor shall be required to obtain any such consent
 if such Grantor reasonably determines in its good faith judgment that 
the costs of obtaining such consent is excessive in view of the benefits
 to be obtained by the Secured Parties thereby.
(b)With
 respect to each right to payment or performance included in the 
Collateral from time to time, the Transaction Lien granted therein 
includes a continuing security interest in (i) any Supporting Obligation
 that supports such payment or performance and (ii) any Lien that (x) 
secures such right to payment or performance or (y) secures any such 
Supporting Obligation. 
(c)The
 Transaction Liens are granted as security only and shall not subject 
the Third Lien Agent or any other Secured Party to, or transfer or in 
any way affect or modify, any obligation or liability of any Grantor 
with respect to any of the Collateral or any transaction in connection 
therewith. 
(d)Beginning
 one year from the date hereof, the Obligor and each Grantor shall 
provide an annual certificate detailing any material (as determined by 
the Obligor or the Grantor, as applicable) Collateral added or removed 
in the previous year. 
SECTION 3.General Representations and Warranties. Each Grantor represents and warrants that: 
(a)Such
 Grantor (a) is duly organized or formed, as the case may be, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
organization or formation, (b) has the requisite power and authority to 
own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as 
lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged as 
it is currently conducted, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign 
corporation and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction 
where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of 
its business requires such qualification except to the extent that the 
failure to so qualify could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (d) is in compliance with
 all applicable law except to the extent that the failure to comply 
therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect. 
12

(b)Such
 Grantor has good and marketable title to all its Collateral (subject to
 exceptions that are, in the aggregate, not material), free and clear of
 any Lien other than Permitted Collateral Liens. 
(c)Such
 Grantor has not performed any acts that are reasonably likely to 
prevent the Third Lien Agent from enforcing any of the provisions of the
 Security Documents or that would limit the Third Lien Agent in any such
 enforcement. No financing statement, security agreement, mortgage or 
similar or equivalent document or instrument covering all or part of the
 Collateral owned by such Grantor is on file or of record in any 
jurisdiction in which such filing or recording would be effective to 
perfect or record a Lien on such Collateral, except financing 
statements, mortgages or other similar or equivalent documents with 
respect to Permitted Collateral Liens. After the Effective Date, no 
Collateral owned by such Grantor will be in the possession or under the 
Control of any other Person having a claim thereto or security interest 
therein, other than a Permitted Collateral Lien. 
(d)The
 Transaction Liens on all Collateral owned by such Grantor (i) have been
 validly created, (ii) will attach to each item of such Collateral on 
the Effective Date (or, if such Grantor first obtains rights thereto on a
 later date, on such later date) and (iii) when so attached, will secure
 all the Obligations. 
(e)When
 UCC financing statements describing the Collateral as “all assets” or 
“all personal property now existing or hereinafter acquired” or other 
words to that effect have been filed in the offices specified in such 
Perfection Certificate, the Transaction Liens will constitute perfected 
security interests in the Collateral owned by such Grantor to the extent
 that a security interest therein may be perfected by filing pursuant to
 the UCC, prior to all Liens and rights of others therein except 
Permitted Collateral Liens. When, in addition to the filing of such UCC 
financing statements, the applicable Intellectual Property Filings have 
been made with respect to such Grantor’s Recordable Intellectual 
Property (including any future filings required pursuant to Section 
5(a)), the Transaction Liens will constitute perfected security 
interests in all right, title and interest of such Grantor in its 
Recordable Intellectual Property to the extent that security interests 
therein may be perfected by such filings, prior to all Liens and rights 
of others therein except Permitted Collateral Liens. Except for (x) the 
filing of such UCC financing statements, (y) such Intellectual Property 
Filings, and (z) additional Intellectual Property Filings that may be 
necessary to perfect the Transaction Liens with respect to such 
Grantor’s Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights that do not constitute 
Recordable Intellectual Property, no registration, recordation or filing
 with any governmental body, agency or official is required in 
connection with the execution or delivery of the Security Documents or 
is necessary for the validity or enforceability thereof or for the 
perfection (other than in respect of deposit accounts) or due 
recordation of the Transaction Liens or for the enforcement of the 
Transaction Liens. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no 
Grantor shall take any action to perfect any security interest in any 
part of the Collateral under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the
 United States of America. 
SECTION 4.Further Assurances; General Covenants. Each Grantor covenants as follows: 
(a)Such
 Grantor will, from time to time, at the Obligor’s expense, execute, 
deliver, file and record any statement, assignment, instrument, 
document, agreement or other paper  
13

and
 take any other action (including any Intellectual Property Filing but 
solely with respect to Recordable Intellectual Property) that from time 
to time may be necessary or desirable, or that the Third Lien Agent may 
reasonably request, in order to:
(i)create, preserve, perfect, confirm or validate the Transaction Liens on such Grantor’s Collateral; 
(ii)enable the Third Lien Agent and the other Secured Parties to obtain the full benefits of the Security Documents; or 
(iii)enable
 the Third Lien Agent to exercise and enforce any of its rights, powers 
and remedies with respect to any of such Grantor’s Collateral. 
Such
 Grantor authorizes the Third Lien Agent to execute and file such 
financing statements or continuation statements in such jurisdictions 
with such descriptions of collateral (including “all assets” or “all 
personal property now existing or hereinafter acquired” or other words 
to that effect) and other information set forth therein as the Third 
Lien Agent may deem necessary or desirable for the purposes set forth in
 the preceding sentence. Each Grantor also ratifies its authorization 
for the Third Lien Agent to file in any such jurisdiction any initial 
financing statements or amendments thereto if filed prior to the date 
hereof. The Third Lien Agent is further authorized to file with the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright 
Office (or any successor office) such documents as may be necessary or 
advisable for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, 
enforcing or protecting the security interests granted by each Grantor, 
without the signature of any Grantor, and naming any Grantor or the 
Grantors as debtors and the Third Lien Agent as secured party. The 
Obligor will pay the costs of, or reasonably incidental to, any 
Intellectual Property Filings and any recording or filing of any 
financing or continuation statements or other documents recorded or 
filed pursuant hereto.
(b)Such
 Grantor shall furnish to the Third Lien Agent 10 Business Days prior 
written notice of any change (1) in its name, (2) in its jurisdiction of
 organization or formation, (3) in its identity or corporate structure 
or (4) in its federal taxpayer identification number. Such Grantor 
agrees not to effect or permit any change referred to in the preceding 
sentence unless all filings have been made under the Uniform Commercial 
Code or otherwise that are required in order for the Third Lien Agent to
 continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and 
perfected security interest in all the Collateral. 
(c)Such
 Grantor will promptly upon request, provide to the Third Lien Agent all
 information and evidence concerning such Grantor’s Collateral that the 
Third Lien Agent may reasonably request from time to time to enable it 
to enforce the provisions of the Security Documents. 
(d)Except
 as permitted under the Security Documents, each Grantor shall defend 
its title to Collateral and the Third Lien Agent’s Liens therein against
 all Persons, claims and demands, except Permitted Collateral Liens. 
SECTION 5.Intellectual Property. Each Grantor represents, warrants and covenants as follows: 
14

(a)Within
 10 Business Days of the Effective Date, such Grantor will sign and 
deliver to the Third Lien Agent Intellectual Property Security 
Agreements with respect to all Recordable Intellectual Property then 
owned by it. 
(b)Upon
 the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each 
Grantor shall, upon the request of the Third Lien Agent therefor, use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all requisite consents or 
approvals by the licensor of each Exclusive Copyright License and each 
material (as determined by the applicable Grantor) Copyright License, 
Patent License and Trademark License under which such Grantor is the 
licensee to effect the assignment of all such Grantor’s right, title and
 interest thereunder to the Third Lien Agent, for the ratable benefit of
 the Secured Parties, or its designee. 
(c)On
 the Effective Date, all Recordable Intellectual Property owned by such 
Grantor is valid, in full force and effect, subsisting, unexpired and 
enforceable, and no Recordable Intellectual Property has been abandoned.
 No breach or default of any License shall be caused by any of the 
following, and none of the following shall limit or impair the 
ownership, use, validity or enforceability of, or any rights of such 
Grantor in, any Recordable Intellectual Property: (i) the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated by any Extended Prepetition Debt or 
(ii) any holding, decision, judgment or order rendered by any 
Governmental Authority prior to the date hereof. There are no pending 
(or, to the knowledge of such Grantor, threatened) actions, 
investigations, suits, proceedings, audits, claims, demands, orders or 
disputes challenging the ownership, use, validity, enforceability of, or
 such Grantor’s rights in, any Recordable Intellectual Property of such 
Grantor. To each Grantor’s knowledge, no Person has been or is 
infringing, misappropriating, diluting, violating or otherwise impairing
 any Recordable Intellectual Property of such Grantor. Each Grantor, and
 to such Grantor’s knowledge each other party thereto, is not in 
material breach or default of any License. 
(d)Unless
 such Grantor shall reasonably determine that such action would be of 
negligible value, economic or otherwise, such Grantor shall (and shall 
cause all its licensees to) (i) (1) continue to use each Trademark 
included in the Intellectual Property in order to maintain such 
Trademark in full force and effect with respect to each class of goods 
for which such Trademark is currently used, free from any claim of 
abandonment for non-use, (2) maintain at least the same standards of 
quality of products and services offered under such Trademark as are 
currently maintained, (3) use such Trademark with the appropriate notice
 of registration and all other notices and legends required by 
applicable law, (4) not adopt or use any other Trademark that is 
confusingly similar or a colorable imitation of such Trademark unless 
the Third Lien Agent shall obtain a perfected security interest in such 
other Trademark pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) not do any act or 
omit to do any act whereby (w) such Trademark (or any goodwill 
associated therewith) may become destroyed, invalidated, impaired or 
harmed in any way, (x) any Patent included in the Intellectual Property 
may become forfeited, misused, unenforceable, abandoned or dedicated to 
the public, (y) any portion of the Copyrights included in the 
Intellectual Property may become invalidated, otherwise impaired or fall
 into the public domain or (z) any trade secret that is Intellectual 
Property may become publicly available or otherwise unprotectable. 
(e)Such
 Grantor shall notify the Third Lien Agent immediately if it knows, or 
has reason to know, that any application or registration relating to any
 Recordable Intellectual Property may become forfeited, misused, 
unenforceable, abandoned or dedicated to the public, or  
15

of
 any adverse determination or development regarding the validity or 
enforceability or such Grantor’s ownership of, interest in, right to 
use, register, own or maintain any Recordable Intellectual Property 
(including the institution of, or any such determination or development 
in, any proceeding relating to the foregoing in the United States Patent
 and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as 
applicable). Such Grantor shall take all actions that are necessary or 
reasonably requested by the Third Lien Agent to maintain and pursue each
 application (and to obtain the relevant registration or recordation) 
and to maintain each registration and recordation included in the 
Intellectual Property, unless such Grantor shall reasonably determine 
that such action would be of negligible value, economic or otherwise.
(f)Such
 Grantor shall not knowingly infringe, misappropriate, dilute, violate 
or otherwise impair the Intellectual Property of any other Person. In 
the event that any Intellectual Property of such Grantor is or has been 
infringed, misappropriated, violated, diluted or otherwise impaired by a
 third party, such Grantor shall take such action as it reasonably deems
 appropriate under the circumstances in response thereto, including (if 
reasonably deemed appropriate by such Grantor) promptly bringing suit 
and recovering all damages therefor. 
(g)Such
 Grantor shall execute and (i) file in the Applicable IP Office the 
short-form Intellectual Property Security Agreements in the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit A, B or C, as applicable, for all Copyrights,
 Trademarks, Patents and Licenses of such Grantor and (ii) record with 
the appropriate Internet domain name registrar, a duly executed form of 
assignment for all Internet domain names of such Grantor. 
SECTION 6.Commercial Tort Claims. Each Grantor represents, warrants and covenants as follows: 
(a)In
 the case of an Original Grantor, Schedule 1 accurately describes, with 
the specificity required to satisfy Official Comment 5 to UCC Section 
9-108, each Material Commercial Tort Claim with respect to which such 
Original Grantor is the claimant as of the Effective Date. 
(b)If
 any Grantor acquires a Material Commercial Tort Claim after the 
Effective Date (in the case of an Original Grantor) or the date on which
 it signs and delivers its first Security Agreement Supplement (in the 
case of any other Grantor), such Grantor will promptly (and in any event
 within 10 Business Days) sign and deliver to the Third Lien Agent a 
supplement granting a security interest in such Commercial Tort Claim 
(which shall be described therein with the specificity required to 
satisfy said Official Comment 5) to the Third Lien Agent for the benefit
 of the Secured Parties. 
SECTION 7.Remedies upon Event of Default. 
 If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Third
 Lien Agent may exercise (or cause its sub-agents to exercise) any or 
all of the remedies available to it (or to such sub-agents) under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
(b)Without
 limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing, the Third Lien Agent may exercise on 
behalf of the Secured Parties all the rights of a secured party under 
the UCC (whether or not in effect in the jurisdiction  
16

where
 such rights are exercised) with respect to any Collateral and, in 
addition, the Third Lien Agent may, without being required to give any 
notice, except as herein provided or as may be required by mandatory 
provisions of law, sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any 
part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any 
exchange, broker’s board or at any of the Third Lien Agent’s offices or 
elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, at such time or 
times and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Third
 Lien Agent may deem commercially reasonable, irrespective of the impact
 of any such sales on the market price of the Collateral. To the maximum
 extent permitted by applicable law, any Secured Party may be the 
purchaser of any or all of the Collateral at any such sale and the Third
 Lien Agent (as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties), 
for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the 
purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such
 public sale, shall be entitled to use and apply all of any part of the 
Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price of any 
Collateral payable at such sale. Upon any sale of Collateral by the 
Third Lien Agent (including pursuant to a power of sale granted by 
statute or under a judicial proceeding), the receipt of the Third Lien 
Agent or of the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge 
to the purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such 
purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application
 of any part of the purchase money paid to the Third Lien Agent or such 
officer or be answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof. Each
 purchaser at any such sale shall hold the property sold absolutely free
 from any claim or right on the part of any Grantor, and each Grantor 
hereby waives (to the extent permitted by law) all rights of redemption,
 stay or appraisal that it now has or may at any time in the future have
 under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter enacted. The
 Third Lien Agent shall not be obliged to make any sale of Collateral 
regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Third Lien Agent may
 adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at
 the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further 
notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned. To 
the maximum extent permitted by law, each Grantor hereby waives any 
claim against any Secured Party arising because the price at which any 
Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the 
price that might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Third 
Lien Agent accepts the first offer received and does not offer such 
Collateral to more than one offeree. The Third Lien Agent may disclaim 
any warranty, as to title or as to any other matter, in connection with 
such sale or other disposition, and its doing so shall not be considered
 adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of such sale or other
 disposition.
(c)If
 the Third Lien Agent sells any of the Collateral upon credit, the 
Grantors will be credited only with payment actually made by the 
purchaser, received by the Third Lien Agent and applied in accordance 
with the terms hereof. In the event the purchaser fails to pay for the 
Collateral, the Third Lien Agent may resell the same, subject to the 
same rights and duties set forth herein. 
(d)Notice
 of any such sale or other disposition shall be given as required by 
Applicable Law. Each Grantor hereby agrees that 10 days’ written notice 
of any proposed sale or other disposition of Collateral by the Third 
Lien Agent shall be reasonable. 
(e)For
 the purpose of enabling the Third Lien Agent to exercise rights and 
remedies under this Agreement (including in order to take possession of,
 collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate, remove, realize upon,
 sell, assign, convey, transfer or grant options to  
17

purchase
 any Collateral) at such time as the Third Lien Agent shall be lawfully 
entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, each Grantor hereby 
grants to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide license (exercisable without 
payment of royalty or other compensation to the Grantors and subject to 
any prior rights granted by such Grantor to third parties), to use, 
license or sublicense any of the Collateral consisting of Intellectual 
Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor, and including 
in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items 
may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs 
(solely to the extent permitted by the relevant licenses therefor) used 
for the compilation or printout thereof; provided, however,
 that any trademarks or service marks licensed pursuant to the foregoing
 may be used only in connection with goods and services of similar type 
and similar or greater quality than those theretofore sold by such 
Grantor under such trademark or service mark. The use of such license by
 the Third Lien Agent may be exercised only upon the occurrence and 
during the continuation of an Event of Default; provided, however,
 that any license or sublicense entered into by the Third Lien Agent in 
accordance herewith shall be binding upon each Grantor notwithstanding 
any subsequent cure of an Event of Default.
(f)For
 the purpose of enabling the Third Lien Agent to exercise rights and 
remedies under this Agreement (including in order to take possession of,
 collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate, remove, realize upon,
 sell, assign, convey, transfer or grant options to purchase any 
Collateral) at such time as the Third Lien Agent shall be lawfully 
entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, each Grantor hereby 
grants to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
an irrevocable license (without payment of rent or other compensation to
 such Grantor) to use, operate and occupy all real Property owned, 
operated, leased, subleased or otherwise occupied by such Grantor. 
SECTION 8.Application of Proceeds. 
 Except as otherwise herein expressly provided and subject to the terms 
of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement, if an Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing, the Third Lien Agent may apply the 
proceeds of any sale or other disposition of all or any part of the 
Collateral to the Obligations, which application shall be made as 
follows: 
(i)First,
 to the payment of the fees, costs and expenses and indemnifications 
granted to the Third Lien Agent herein, including reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses of the Third Lien Agent, the reasonable fees and 
expenses of their respective agents and counsel and all other reasonable
 expenses incurred and advances made by the Third Lien Agent in that 
connection; 
(ii)Second,
 and without duplication, to the Full Payment of the Obligations equally
 and ratably in accordance with their respective amounts then due and 
owing in respect of the Extended Prepetition Debt; and  
(iii)Third, to the Obligor, or its successor or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, any surplus remaining. 
(b)In
 making the payments and allocations required by this Section, the Third
 Lien Agent may rely upon information supplied to it by the Obligor or 
any Grantor.  All distributions made by the Third Lien Agent pursuant to
 this Section shall be final (except in the  
18

event
 of manifest error) and the Third Lien Agent shall have no duty to 
inquire as to the application by any Secured Party of any amount 
distributed to it.
SECTION 9.Fees and Expenses; Indemnification. 
 All expenses of protecting, storing, warehousing, insuring, handling, 
maintaining and shipping any Collateral, all Taxes payable with respect 
to any Collateral (including any sale thereof), and all other payments 
required to be made by the Third Lien Agent to any Person to realize 
upon any Collateral, shall be borne and paid by the Grantors. The 
Obligor will within 10 Business Days after demand pay to the Third Lien 
Agent: 
(i)All
 fees and expenses agreed to in the U.S. Bank National Association Fee 
Proposal, dated as of December 12, 2019 between the Third Lien Agent and
 the Obligor in connection herewith;  
(ii)the
 amount of any taxes that the Third Lien Agent may have been required to
 pay by reason of the Transaction Liens or to free any Collateral from 
any other Lien thereon; 
(iii)the
 amount of any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and 
expenses incurred in connection with the development, preparation, 
execution and administration of, and any amendment, supplement or 
modification to, this Agreement and any other documents prepared in 
connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and 
administration of the Transactions, including, without limitation, the 
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of a single counsel to the 
Third Lien Agent (which shall be selected by the Third Lien Agent) and, 
if applicable, in the judgment of the Third Lien Agent, one special or 
local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, as appropriate; and 
(iv)the
 amount required to pay or reimburse the Third Lien Agent for all its 
reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
enforcement of any rights under this Agreement and any Security 
Documents, including, without limitation, the fees and disbursements of 
one counsel selected by the Third Lien Agent and, at any time after and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
(b)If
 any transfer tax, documentary stamp tax or other tax is payable in 
connection with any transfer or other transaction provided for in the 
Security Documents, the Obligor will pay such tax and provide any 
required tax stamps to the Third Lien Agent or as otherwise required by 
law. 
(c)The
 Obligor shall indemnify the Third Lien Agent and its respective 
affiliates and the respective directors, officers, Agent Professionals 
and employees (each an “Indemnitee”) against any loss, liability 
or claims, including taxes that may be incurred by or asserted against 
any Indemnitee (other than taxes based upon, measured by or determined 
by the income of the Third Lien Agent), arising out of or in connection 
with the acceptance or administration of its obligations and duties 
hereunder, including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending 
itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Obligor or any Grantor
 or any other person or entity) or liability, or in connection with 
enforcing the provisions of this Section, except to the extent that such
 loss, liability or claim is due to such Indemnitee’s own gross 
negligence or willful misconduct. 
19

(d)The rights, indemnities and protections of this Section 9 shall survive the resignation or removal of the Third Lien Agent.  
SECTION 10.Authority to Administer Collateral. 
 Each Grantor irrevocably appoints the Third Lien Agent (and all Persons
 designated by the Third Lien Agent) as its true and lawful attorney 
(and agent in fact), with full power of substitution, in its name or in 
the name of such Grantor, any Secured Party or otherwise, for the sole 
use and benefit of the Secured Parties, but at the Obligor’s sole cost 
and expense, to the extent permitted by law and without notice, to 
exercise, at any time and from time to time, all or any of the following
 powers with respect to all or any of such Grantor’s Collateral: 
(i)endorse
 a Grantor’s name on any proceeds of Collateral (including proceeds of 
insurance) that come into the Third Lien Agent’s possession or control; 
or 
(ii)during the continuance of any Event of Default: 
(A)demand, sue for, collect, receive and give acquittance for any and all monies due or to become due upon or by virtue thereof, 
(B)prepare,
 file and sign a Grantor’s name to a proof of claim or other document in
 a bankruptcy of an Account Debtor, or to any notice, assignment or 
satisfaction of Lien or similar document; 
(C)receive,
 open and dispose of mail addressed to a Grantor, and notify postal 
authorities to deliver any such mail to an address designated by the 
Third Lien Agent; 
(D)endorse any Document, Instrument, bill of lading, or other document or agreement relating to Collateral; 
(E)use information contained in any data processing, electronic or information systems relating to Collateral; 
(F)make and adjust claims under insurance policies; 
(G)take
 any action as may be necessary or appropriate to obtain payment under 
any letter of credit, banker’s acceptance or other instrument for which a
 Grantor is a beneficiary; 
(H)sell,
 lease, license or otherwise dispose of the same or the proceeds or 
avails thereof, as fully and effectually as if the Third Lien Agent were
 the absolute owner thereof; and 
(I)extend the time of payment of any or all thereof and to make any allowance or other adjustment with reference thereto. 
SECTION 11.Limitation on Duty in Respect of Collateral. Beyond the exercise of reasonable care in the custody and preservation thereof, the Third Lien Agent will have no duty as  
20

to
 any Collateral in its possession or control or in the possession or 
control of any sub-agent or bailee or any income therefrom or as to the 
preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights 
pertaining thereto. The Third Lien Agent will be deemed to have 
exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the 
Collateral in its possession or control if such Collateral is accorded 
treatment substantially equal to that which it accords its own property,
 and will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage to any 
Collateral, or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of any
 act or omission of any sub-agent or bailee selected by the Third Lien 
Agent in good faith, except to the extent that such liability arises 
from the Third Lien Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
SECTION 12.General Provisions Concerning the Third Lien Agent. 
(a)Appointment of the Third Lien Agent.
 Pursuant to the provisions of each letter agreement governing the 
Extended Prepetition Debt, the Obligor hereby appoints U.S. Bank 
National Association as Third Lien Agent for each of the Secured 
Parties.   
(b)The Third Lien Agent. (i)
 The Third Lien Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other 
implied duties, regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, and (ii)  the Third Lien Agent shall not have 
any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for any failure to 
disclose, any information relating to any Grantor that is communicated 
to or obtained by the bank serving as the Third Lien Agent or any of its
 Affiliates in any capacity. The Third Lien Agent shall not be 
responsible for the existence, genuineness, sufficiency or value of any 
Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability 
of any Transaction Lien, whether impaired by operation of law or by 
reason of any action or omission to act on its part under the Security 
Documents. The Third Lien Agent shall not be liable for any action taken
 or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or 
willful misconduct. The Third Lien Agent shall be deemed not to have 
knowledge of any Event of Default unless and until written notice 
thereof is given to the Third Lien Agent by the Obligor or a Secured 
Party. 
(c)Sub-Agents and Related Parties. The
 Third Lien Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its
 rights and powers granted to it under the Security Documents or the 
Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement by or through any one or more 
employees and sub-agents at the expense of the Obligor appointed by the 
Third Lien Agent. The Third Lien Agent and any such sub-agent may 
perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers 
through their respective Related Parties. The Third Lien Agent may 
consult with and employ Agent Professionals, and shall be entitled to 
act upon, and shall have no responsibility or liability  in connection 
with any action taken in good faith reliance upon, any advice given by 
an Agent Professional. The exculpatory provisions of this Section shall 
apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Third Lien
 Agent and any such sub-agent. The Third Lien Agent shall not be 
responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents, employees or
 Agent Professionals selected by it with reasonable care. 
(d)Information as to Obligations and Actions by Secured Parties. For
 all purposes of the Security Documents, including determining the 
amounts of the Obligations and whether an Obligation is a Contingent 
Obligation or not, or whether any action has been taken under any 
Security Document, the Third Lien Agent will be entitled to rely on 
information from (i) any Secured Party for information as to its 
Obligations and actions taken by it, to the extent that  
21

the
 Third Lien Agent has not obtained such information from its own 
records, and (ii) the Obligor, to the extent that the Third Lien Agent 
has not obtained information from the foregoing sources.
(e)Refusal to Act.
 The Third Lien Agent may refuse to act on any notice, consent, 
direction or instruction from any Secured Parties or any agent, trustee 
or similar representative thereof that, in the Third Lien Agent’s 
opinion, (i) is contrary to law or the provisions of any Security 
Document or the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) may expose the 
Third Lien Agent to personal liability or (iii) is unduly prejudicial to
 Secured Parties not joining in such notice, consent, direction or 
instruction (it being understood that the Third Lien Agent shall have no
 duty to determine whether or not any action or inaction is unduly 
prejudicial).  The Third Lien Agent shall have no obligation to 
expend its own funds in the administration of its duties under the 
Security Documents or the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement.  The 
Third Lien Agent shall have only those duties and responsibilities which
 are expressly specified in the Security Documents and the Third Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement, and permissive rights granted to the Third Lien
 Agent shall not be construed as duties. 
(f)The
 Third Lien Agent shall not be required to act in accordance with 
Directing Creditor instructions until it shall have received such 
indemnity or security from the Directing Creditors as it may reasonably 
require in its sole discretion (whether by payment in advance or 
otherwise) for all costs, claims, losses, expenses (including reasonable
 legal fees and expenses) and liabilities which it will or may expend or
 incur in complying or continuing to comply with such instructions and 
no holder of Extended Prepetition Debt shall have any right of action 
whatsoever against the Third Lien Agent as a result of the Third Lien 
Agent acting or refraining from acting under any Security Document or 
the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with the 
instructions of the Directing Creditors.  The Third Lien Agent 
shall be entitled to conclusively rely, and shall be fully protected in 
relying, upon any communication, instrument or document believed by it 
to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by the proper 
Person or Persons.  
(g)Notwithstanding
 any other provision of the Security Documents, the Third Lien Agent 
shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, 
punitive or special losses or damages, regardless of the form of action 
and whether or not any such losses or damages were foreseeable or 
contemplated. 
(h)Notwithstanding
 anything else to the contrary herein, whenever reference is made in 
this Agreement to any discretionary action by, consent, designation, 
specification, requirement or approval of, notice, request or other 
communication from, or other direction given or action to be undertaken 
or to be (or not to be) suffered or omitted by the Third Lien Agent or 
to any election, decision, opinion, acceptance, use of judgment, 
expression of satisfaction, or other exercise of discretion, rights or 
remedies to be made (or not to be made) by the Third Lien Agent, it is 
understood that in all cases the Third Lien Agent shall be fully 
justified in failing or refusing to take any such action under this 
Agreement or the other Security Documents if it shall not have received 
such written instruction, advice or concurrence of the Directing 
Creditors, as it deems appropriate. This provision is intended solely 
for the benefit of the Third Lien Agent and its successors and permitted
 assigns and is not intended to and will not entitle the other parties 
hereto to any defense, claim or counterclaim, or confer any rights or 
benefits on any party hereto. 
22

(i)For
 the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall require the Third Lien 
Agent to file financing statements, termination statements or 
continuation statements, or be responsible for maintaining the security 
interests purported to be created as described herein (except for the 
safe custody of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for 
moneys actually received by it hereunder or under any other Security 
Document or the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement) and such 
responsibility shall be solely that of the Obligor and Grantors; 
provided, that upon the written direction of the Directing Creditors, 
the Third Lien Agent shall file financing statements, termination 
statements or continuation statements.  The Third Lien Agent shall 
not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the existence, 
genuineness, value or protection of any Collateral, for the legality, 
effectiveness or sufficiency of any Finance Document, or for the 
creation, perfection, priority, sufficiency or protection of any liens 
securing the Secured Obligations. 
(j)In
 no event shall the Third Lien Agent be responsible or liable for any 
failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising
 out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control,
 including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts
 of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural
 catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of
 utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services;
 it being understood that the Third Lien Agent shall use reasonable 
efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking 
industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the 
circumstances. 
SECTION 13.Termination of Transaction Liens; Release of Collateral.  The Transaction Liens granted by each Grantor shall terminate when all the Release Conditions are satisfied.  
(b)Upon
 any termination of a Transaction Lien or release of Collateral, the 
Third Lien Agent will, at the expense of the relevant Grantor, execute 
and deliver to such Grantor such documents as such Grantor shall 
reasonably request and have given to the Third Lien Agent for its 
signature to evidence the termination of such Transaction Lien or the 
release of such Collateral, as the case may be, and will duly assign and
 transfer to such Grantor any such Collateral that may be in the 
possession of the Third Lien Agent and has not theretofore been sold or 
otherwise applied or released pursuant to this Agreement. 
SECTION 14.Notices. Unless
 otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice hereunder shall be 
in writing and may be personally served or sent by telefacsimile or 
United States mail or courier service or electronic mail and shall be 
deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service
 and signed for against receipt thereof, upon receipt of telefacsimile 
or electronic mail, or 3 Business Days after depositing it in the United
 States mail with postage prepaid and properly addressed.  For the 
purposes hereof, the addresses of the parties hereto shall be addressed 
as follows or as may be designated by such party in a written notice to 
all of the other parties.  Notices to the Third Lien Agent shall be
 addressed to: 
U.S. Bank National Association60 Livingston AvenueEP-MN-WS3CSt. Paul, MN 55107
23

Attn: Global Corporate TrustReference: Specialty School, Inc.Fax: 651-466-7430
With a copy to:
Dorsey & Whitney LLP51 West 52nd Street, 9th FloorNew York, NY 10019
Attn: Erin TriggReference: School Specialty Inc.Email: trigg.erin@dorsey.com
SECTION 15.No Implied Waivers; Remedies Not Exclusive. No
 failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any 
party hereto, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of
 any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, 
power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein 
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, 
powers and privileges provided by law. 
SECTION 16.Successors and Assigns. This
 Agreement is for the benefit of the Third Lien Agent and the Secured 
Parties. If all or any part of any Secured Party’s interest in any 
Obligation is assigned or otherwise transferred, the transferor’s rights
 hereunder, to the extent applicable to the obligation so transferred, 
shall be automatically transferred with such obligation. This Agreement 
shall be binding on the Grantors and their respective successors and 
assigns. 
SECTION 17.Amendments and Waivers. Neither
 this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended, 
modified or terminated except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in 
writing entered into by the Third Lien Agent and the Obligor and 
Grantors. 
SECTION 18.Choice of Law. This
 Agreement and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action 
(whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or
 relating to this Agreement and the Transactions shall be construed in 
accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York, 
without giving effect to any conflict of law principles that result in 
the application of laws of another jurisdiction. 
SECTION 19.Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH
 PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL 
PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY 
SECURITY DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER 
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) 
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY 
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD 
NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER  
24

AND
 (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED
 TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
 AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
SECTION 20.Severability. Any
 provision of any Security Document which is prohibited or unenforceable
 in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to 
the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating 
the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
SECTION 21.Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding
 anything herein to the contrary, the Liens and security interests 
granted to the Third Lien Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the 
exercise of any right or remedy by the Third Lien Agent hereunder, in 
each case, with respect to the Collateral are subject to the limitations
 and provisions of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement. In the event 
of any conflict between the terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement and the terms of this Agreement with respect to the 
Collateral, the terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall 
govern and control; provided that the  Third Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement shall not be construed, by its terms, to modify 
any security interest granted pursuant to Section 2 hereof. 
SECTION 22.Resignation of the Third Lien Agent.
  The Third Lien Agent may resign at any time, which resignation 
shall be effective upon 10 Business Days’ notice to the Obligor and the 
Grantors of such resignation.  The Third Lien Agent shall have no 
duty or obligation to take any action other than to hold any Collateral 
in its possession.  The Third Lien Agent shall have the right to 
implead all such Collateral to a court of competent jurisdiction, and 
shall have no further duty with respect thereto.  Upon receipt of 
notice of the Third Lien Agent’s resignation, the Obligor shall have the
 right to appoint a successor.  After Third Lien Agent’s 
resignation hereunder, the provisions of Section 9 and Section 12 shall 
continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or 
omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Third Lien Agent. 
[SIGNATURES FOLLOW]
25

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and 
year first above written.
 
OBLIGOR:
 
SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC.
 
 
By: /s/ Kevin Baehler     
Name: Kevin Baehler
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 
SUBSIDIARY GRANTORS:
CLASSROOMDIRECT.COM, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SPORTIME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
DELTA EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
PREMIER AGENDAS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Third Lien Security Agreement]

CHILDCRAFT EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
BIRD-IN-HAND WOODWORKS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
CALIFONE INTERNATIONAL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SSI GUARDIAN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary

 

FREY SCIENTIFIC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
Company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Third Lien Security Agreement]

SAX ARTS & CRAFTS, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
 
By:  /s/ Kevin Baehler   
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Third Lien Security Agreement]

THIRD LIEN AGENT:
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 
 
By:  /s/ Joshua A. Hahn   
Name:  Joshua A. Hahn
Title:  Vice President
 
 


[Signature Page to Third Lien Security Agreement]

SCHEDULE 1
MATERIAL COMMERCIAL TORT CLAIMS
Describe
 each existing Material Commercial Tort Claim with the specificity 
required to satisfy Official Comment 5 to UCC Section 9-108.
None.

EXHIBIT Ato Security Agreement
The
 liens and security interests securing the obligations as evidenced 
hereby are subject to the provisions of the Third Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement dated as of January 6, 2020 (as amended or modified from time 
to time), by and among TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as Term Loan 
Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Revolving Loan Agent, and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as Third Lien Agent, and acknowledged by the 
Obligor and other Grantors. In the event of any conflict between the 
terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this 
agreement, the terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall 
govern and control.
COPYRIGHT SECURITY AGREEMENT
This COPYRIGHT SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Copyright Security Agreement”)
 is made this __ day of January, 2020, by and among the grantors listed 
on the signature pages hereof (collectively, jointly and severally, “Grantors” and each individually “Grantor”),
 and U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as agent for 
certain holders of the Extended Prepetition Debt (in such capacity, 
together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, “Third Lien Agent”).
W I T N E S S E T H:
WHEREAS,
 Grantors have certain obligations (collectively, the “Extended 
Prepetition Debt”) and such Extended Prepetition Debt is permitted to be
 secured by certain liens on the Collateral consisting of personal 
property (other than the ABL Priority Collateral) as set forth in this 
Agreement;
WHEREAS,
 the Obligor and the Subsidiary Grantors are willing to secure their 
obligations by granting Liens on their assets to the Third Lien Agent as
 provided in that certain Third Lien Security Agreement dated as of 
January 6, 2020 (the “Security Agreement”); and
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Security Agreement, Grantors are required to execute 
and deliver to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, this Copyright Security Agreement;
NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein
 contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Grantors hereby agree 
as follows:
1.DEFINED TERMS.
 All initially capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein 
have the meanings given to them in the Security Agreement. 
2.GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN COPYRIGHT COLLATERAL.
 Each Grantor hereby unconditionally grants, assigns, and pledges to the
 Third Lien Agent, for the benefit each Lender, to secure the 
Obligations, a continuing security interest (referred to in this 
Copyright Security Agreement as the “Security Interest”)
 in all of such Grantor’s right, title and interest in and to the 
following, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising (excluding
 any Excluded Assets, collectively, the “Copyright Collateral”): 

(a)all
 of such Grantor’s Copyrights and Copyright Intellectual Property 
Licenses to which it is a party including those referred to on Schedule I; 
(b)all renewals or extensions of the foregoing; and 
(c)all
 products and proceeds of the foregoing, including any claim by such 
Grantor against third parties for past, present or future infringement 
of any Copyright or any Copyright exclusively licensed under any 
Intellectual Property License, including the right to receive damages, 
or the right to receive license fees, royalties, and other compensation 
under any Copyright Intellectual Property License, to the extent 
provided for in the license. 
3.SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS.
 This Copyright Security Agreement and the Security Interest created 
hereby secures the payment and performance of the Obligations, whether 
now existing or arising hereafter. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, this Copyright Security Agreement secures the payment of 
all amounts which constitute part of the Obligations and would be owed 
by Grantors, or any of them, to the Third Lien Agent or the Secured 
Parties, whether or not they are unenforceable or not allowable due to 
the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving any Grantor. 
4.SECURITY AGREEMENT.
 The Security Interest granted pursuant to this Copyright Security 
Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interests granted 
to The Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
pursuant to the Security Agreement. Each Grantor hereby acknowledges and
 affirms that the rights, protections, immunities, indemnities and 
remedies of The Third Lien Agent with respect to the Security Interest 
in the Copyright Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set 
forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are 
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. To the 
extent there is any inconsistency between this Copyright Security 
Agreement and the Security Agreement, the Security Agreement shall 
control. 
5.AUTHORIZATION TO SUPPLEMENT.
 Grantors shall give the Third Lien Agent notice in writing of any 
additional copyright registrations granted after the date hereof 
pursuant to Section 5 of the Security Agreement. Without limiting 
Grantors’ obligations under this Section, Grantors hereby authorize the 
Third Lien Agent unilaterally to modify this Copyright Security 
Agreement by amending Schedule I
 to include any future United States registered copyrights or 
applications therefor of each Grantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
 failure to so modify this Copyright Security Agreement or amend Schedule I
 shall in any way affect, invalidate or detract from the Third Lien 
Agent’s continuing security interest in all Collateral, whether or not 
listed on Schedule I. 
6.COUNTERPARTS.
 This Copyright Security Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of 
which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, 
and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the 
same Copyright Security Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart 
of this Copyright Security Agreement by telefacsimile or other 
electronic method of transmission shall be equally as effective as 
delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Copyright Security 
Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this 
Copyright  

Security
 Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission 
also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Copyright 
Security Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed 
counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding 
effect of this Copyright Security Agreement.
7.CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
 THIS COPYRIGHT SECURITY AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS 
REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 18 and 19 OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS. 
 
[signature page follows]

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Copyright Security
 Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first 
above written.
GRANTORS:
SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC.
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 
CLASSROOMDIRECT.COM, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SPORTIME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
DELTA EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
PREMIER AGENDAS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement]

CHILDCRAFT EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
BIRD-IN-HAND WOODWORKS, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
CALIFONE INTERNATIONAL, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SSI GUARDIAN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
Company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
FREY SCIENTIFIC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
Company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement]

SAX ARTS & CRAFTS, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement]

THIRD LIEN AGENT:
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 
 
By:                                         
Name:                                         
Title:                                         
 


[Signature Page to Copyright Security Agreement]

SCHEDULE I
to
COPYRIGHT SECURITY AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT B
to Security Agreement
The
 liens and security interests securing the obligations as evidenced 
hereby are subject to the provisions of the Third Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement dated as of January 6, 2020 (as amended or modified from time 
to time), by and among TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as Term Loan 
Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Revolving Loan Agent, and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as Third Lien Agent, and acknowledged by the 
Obligor and other Grantors. In the event of any conflict between the 
terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this 
agreement, the terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall 
govern and control.
PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT
This PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Patent Security Agreement”)
 is made this [__]th day of January 2020, by and among the grantors 
listed on the signature pages hereof (collectively, jointly and 
severally, “Grantors” and each individually “Grantor”),
 and U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as agent for 
certain holders of the Extended Prepetition Debt (in such capacity, 
together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, “Third Lien Agent”).
W I T N E S S E T H:
WHEREAS,
 Grantors have certain obligations (collectively, the “Extended 
Prepetition Debt”) and such Extended Prepetition Debt is permitted to be
 secured by certain liens on the Collateral consisting of personal 
property (other than the ABL Priority Collateral) as set forth in this 
Agreement;
WHEREAS,
 the Obligor and the Subsidiary Grantors are willing to secure their 
obligations by granting Liens on their assets to the Third Lien Agent as
 provided in that certain Third Lien Security Agreement dated as of 
January 6, 2020 (the “Security Agreement”); and
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Security Agreement, Grantors are required to execute 
and deliver to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, this Patent Security Agreement;
NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein
 contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Grantor hereby 
agrees as follows:
1.DEFINED TERMS.
 All initially capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein 
have the meanings given to them in the Security Agreement. 
2.GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN PATENT COLLATERAL.
 Each Grantor hereby unconditionally grants, assigns, and pledges to the
 Third Lien Agent, for the benefit each Lender, to secure the 
Obligations, a continuing security interest (referred to in this Patent 
Security Agreement as the “Security Interest”)
 in all of such Grantor’s right, title and interest in and to the 
following, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising (excluding
 any Excluded Assets, collectively, the “Patent Collateral”): 

(a)all of its Patents and Patent Intellectual Property Licenses to which it is a party including those referred to on Schedule I; 
(b)all divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, reexaminations, or extensions of the foregoing; and 
(c)all
 products and proceeds of the foregoing, including any claim by such 
Grantor against third parties for past, present or future infringement 
of any Patent or any Patent exclusively licensed under any Intellectual 
Property License, including the right to receive damages, or right to 
receive license fees, royalties, and other compensation under any Patent
 Intellectual Property License, to the extent permitted in the license. 
3.SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS.
 This Patent Security Agreement and the Security Interest created hereby
 secures the payment and performance of the Obligations, whether now 
existing or arising hereafter. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, this Patent Security Agreement secures the payment of all 
amounts which constitute part of the Obligations and would be owed by 
Grantors, or any of them, to the Third Lien Agent or the Secured 
Parties, whether or not they are unenforceable or not allowable due to 
the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving any Grantor. 
4.SECURITY AGREEMENT.
 The Security Interest granted pursuant to this Patent Security 
Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interests granted 
to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
pursuant to the Security Agreement. Each Grantor hereby acknowledges and
 affirms that the rights, protections, immunities, indemnities and 
remedies of the Third Lien Agent with respect to the Security Interest 
in the Patent Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set 
forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are 
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. To the 
extent there is any inconsistency between this Patent Security Agreement
 and the Security Agreement, the Security Agreement shall control. 
5.AUTHORIZATION TO SUPPLEMENT.
 If any Grantor shall obtain rights to any new patent application or 
issued patent or become entitled to the benefit of any patent 
application or patent for any divisional, continuation, 
continuation-in-part, reissue, or reexamination of any existing patent 
or patent application, the provisions of this Patent Security Agreement 
shall automatically apply thereto. Grantors shall give prompt notice in 
writing to the Third Lien Agent with respect to any such new patent 
rights. Without limiting Grantors’ obligations under this Section, 
Grantors hereby authorize the Third Lien Agent unilaterally to modify 
this Patent Security Agreement by amending Schedule I
 to include any such new patent rights of each Grantor. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, no failure to so modify this Patent Security Agreement or
 amend Schedule I  shall
 in any way affect, invalidate or detract from the Third Lien Agent’s 
continuing security interest in all Collateral, whether or not listed on
 Schedule I. 
6.COUNTERPARTS.
 This Patent Security Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of 
which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, 
and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the 
same Patent Security Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of 
this Patent Security Agreement by telefacsimile or other electronic 
method of  

transmission
 shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed 
counterpart of this Patent Security Agreement. Any party delivering an 
executed counterpart of this Patent Security Agreement by telefacsimile 
or other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an 
original executed counterpart of this Patent Security Agreement but the 
failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the
 validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Patent Security 
Agreement.
7.CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
 THIS PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS 
REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 18 and 19 OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS. 
[signature page follows]

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Patent Security 
Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first 
above written.
GRANTORS:
SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC.
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 
CLASSROOMDIRECT.COM, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SPORTIME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
DELTA EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
PREMIER AGENDAS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Patent Security Agreement]

CHILDCRAFT EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
BIRD-IN-HAND WOODWORKS, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
CALIFONE INTERNATIONAL, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SSI GUARDIAN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
FREY SCIENTIFIC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SAX ARTS & CRAFTS, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Patent Security Agreement]

THIRD LIEN AGENT:
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 
By:                                         
Name:                                         
Title:                                         


[Signature Page to Patent Security Agreement]

SCHEDULE I
to
PATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT Cto Security Agreement
The
 liens and security interests securing the obligations as evidenced 
hereby are subject to the provisions of the Third Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement dated as of January 6, 2020 (as amended or modified from time 
to time), by and among TCW Asset Management Company LLC, as Term Loan 
Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Revolving Loan Agent, and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as Third Lien Agent, and acknowledged by the 
Obligor and other Grantors. In the event of any conflict between the 
terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this 
agreement, the terms of the Third Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall 
govern and control.
TRADEMARK SECURITY AGREEMENT
This TRADEMARK SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Trademark Security Agreement”)
 is made this [__]th day of January 2020, by and among the grantors 
listed on the signature pages hereof (collectively, jointly and 
severally, “Grantors” and each individually “Grantor”),
 and U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as agent for 
certain holders of the Extended Prepetition Debt (in such capacity, 
together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, “Third Lien Agent”).
W I T N E S S E T H:
WHEREAS,
 Grantors have certain obligations (collectively, the “Extended 
Prepetition Debt”) and such Extended Prepetition Debt is permitted to be
 secured by certain liens on the Collateral consisting of personal 
property (other than the ABL Priority Collateral) as set forth in this 
Agreement;
WHEREAS,
 the Obligor and the Subsidiary Grantors are willing to secure their 
obligations by granting Liens on their assets to the Third Lien Agent as
 provided in that certain Third Lien Security Agreement dated as of 
January 6, 2020 (the “Security Agreement”); and
WHEREAS,
 pursuant to the Security Agreement, Grantors are required to execute 
and deliver to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, this Trademark Security Agreement;
NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein
 contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each Grantor hereby 
agrees as follows:
1.DEFINED TERMS.
 All initially capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein 
have the meanings given to them in the Security Agreement. 
2.GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST IN TRADEMARK COLLATERAL.
 Each Grantor hereby unconditionally grants, assigns, and pledges to the
 Third Lien Agent, for the benefit each Lender, to secure the 
Obligations, a continuing security interest (referred to in this 
Trademark Security Agreement as the “Security Interest”)
 in all of such Grantor’s right, title and interest in and to the 
following, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising (excluding
 any Excluded Assets, collectively, the “Trademark Collateral”): 

(a)all of its Trademarks and Trademark Intellectual Property Licenses to which it is a party including those referred to on Schedule I; 
(b)all
 goodwill of the business not inuring to the licensor, connected with 
the use of, and symbolized by, each Trademark and each Trademark 
Intellectual Property License; and 
(c)all
 products and proceeds (as that term is defined in the Code) of the 
foregoing, including any claim by such Grantor against third parties for
 past, present or future (i) infringement or dilution of any Trademark 
or any Trademarks exclusively licensed under any Intellectual Property 
License, including right to receive any damages, to the extent permitted
 by such license, (ii) injury to the goodwill associated with any 
Trademark, or (iii) right to receive license fees, royalties, and other 
compensation under any Trademark Intellectual Property License, to the 
extent permitted by such license. 
3.SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS.
 This Trademark Security Agreement and the Security Interest created 
hereby secures the payment and performance of the Obligations, whether 
now existing or arising hereafter. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, this Trademark Security Agreement secures the payment of 
all amounts which constitute part of the Obligations and would be owed 
by Grantors, or any of them, to the Third Lien Agent or the Secured 
Parties, whether or not they are unenforceable or not allowable due to 
the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving any Grantor. 
4.SECURITY AGREEMENT.
 The Security Interest granted pursuant to this Trademark Security 
Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interests granted 
to the Third Lien Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
pursuant to the Security Agreement. Each Grantor hereby acknowledges and
 affirms that the rights, protections, immunities, indemnities and 
remedies of the Third Lien Agent with respect to the Security Interest 
in the Trademark Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set 
forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are 
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein. To the 
extent there is any inconsistency between this Trademark Security 
Agreement and the Security Agreement, the Security Agreement shall 
control. 
5.AUTHORIZATION TO SUPPLEMENT.
 If any Grantor shall obtain rights to any new trademarks, the 
provisions of this Trademark Security Agreement shall automatically 
apply thereto. Grantors shall give prompt notice in writing to the Third
 Lien Agent with respect to any such new trademarks or renewal or 
extension of any trademark registration. Without limiting Grantors’ 
obligations under this Section, Grantors hereby authorize the Third Lien
 Agent unilaterally to modify this Trademark Security Agreement by 
amending Schedule I
 to include any such new trademark rights of each Grantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure to so modify this Trademark 
Security Agreement or amend Schedule I
 shall in any way affect, invalidate or detract from the Third Lien 
Agent’s continuing security interest in all Collateral, whether or not 
listed on Schedule I. 
6.COUNTERPARTS.
 This Trademark Security Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of 
which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, 
and all of which, when taken together,  

shall
 constitute but one and the same Trademark Security Agreement. Delivery 
of an executed counterpart of this Trademark Security Agreement by 
telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission shall be 
equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of 
this Trademark Security Agreement. Any party delivering an executed 
counterpart of this Trademark Security Agreement by telefacsimile or 
other electronic method of transmission also shall deliver an original 
executed counterpart of this Trademark Security Agreement but the 
failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the
 validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Trademark Security
 Agreement.
7.CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
 THIS TRADEMARK SECURITY AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS 
REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 18 and 19 OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS. 
[signature page follows]

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Trademark Security
 Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first 
above written.
GRANTORS:
SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC.
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


 
CLASSROOMDIRECT.COM, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SPORTIME, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
DELTA EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
PREMIER AGENDAS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Trademark Security Agreement]

CHILDCRAFT EDUCATION, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
BIRD-IN-HAND WOODWORKS, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
CALIFONE INTERNATIONAL, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company
 
 
By:
 
                                       
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


 
SSI GUARDIAN, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary

 
FREY SCIENTIFIC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company
 
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Trademark Security Agreement]

SAX ARTS & CRAFTS, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company
 
By:                                         
Name: Kevin Baehler 
Title: Assistant Secretary


[Signature Page to Trademark Security Agreement]

THIRD LIEN AGENT:
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 
By:                                          
Name:                                         
Title:                                         


[Signature Page to Trademark Security Agreement]

SCHEDULE I
to
TRADEMARK SECURITY AGREEMENT


EXHIBIT D
to Security Agreement
AGREEMENT TO EXTEND DUE DATE OF CLAIM
 
Date: ______________
 
____________________________
 (“Claimant”) and School Specialty, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby agree to
 the following terms (the “Agreement”):
 
(1)The
 Company owes Claimant the amount set forth in the attached Exhibit A 
(the “Claim”).  The Claim was scheduled to be due and payable on 
December 12, 2019 (the “Original Due Date”).  Claimant hereby 
agrees to extend the payment date of the Claim to December 12, 2020 (the
 “New Due Date”). 
 
(2)Following
 the parties’ execution of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to 
Claimant no earlier than December 15, 2019, an amount equal to ten 
percent (10%) of the amount of the Claim (the “Initial Payment”), which 
shall be applied to the outstanding amount of the Claim, provided, however,
 that the Initial payment is conditioned on the Company’s satisfaction 
of the criteria set forth in any forbearance agreement or other loan 
document with any Agent (as defined below), including, inter alia, the 
Company’s receipt of an acceptable term sheet for a payoff transaction 
satisfactory to the Term Agent and ABL Agent (each as defined below) 
prior to December 15, 2019 (the “Satisfactory Term Sheet”) and the 
existence of at least $15,000,000 in availability under the Company’s 
Loan Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2013, among the Company, the 
subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the ABL Agent, and the lenders party
 thereto (as such agreement may be further amended, restated, modified, 
renewed, or replaced, in whole or in part, from time to time), after 
giving pro forma effect to the Initial Payment. 
 
(3)After
 applying the Initial Payment, any outstanding amount of the Claim (the 
“Claim Balance”) shall accrue interest at a rate that is 200 basis 
points per annum in excess of the rate in effect prior to the execution 
of this Agreement, commencing on the Original Due Date to but excluding 
the New Due Date, which such interest shall be paid in full, along with 
the remaining Claim Balance, on the New Due Date. 
 
(4)The
 Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to prepay the 
amount of the Claim Balance, together with accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon, in whole or in part at any time prior to the New Due Date, provided, however,
 that in order to induce the Agents (as defined below) to consent to the
 liens described below, the Claim Balance may not be paid prior to the 
New Due Date without the prior written consent of the Agents. 
 
(5)Notwithstanding
 the preceding paragraph, so long as the Term Loan Obligations (as 
defined in the Intercreditor Agreement (as defined below)) have been 
paid in full in cash, then by the later of (i) May 31, 2020, or (ii) 
twenty (20) business days  

following
 the date on which the foregoing payment in full has been made, the 
Company shall pay to Claimant an amount equal to fifteen percent (15%) 
of the amount of the Claim after giving effect to the Initial Payment 
(the “Second Payment”), which shall be applied to the outstanding amount
 of the Claim, and shall be deducted from the Claim Balance; provided, however,
 that the Company’s ability to make such Second Payment is conditioned 
on the existence of a capital structure and the fulfillment of payment 
conditions satisfactory to the Term Agent (if the Term Loan Obligations 
are not paid in full in cash) and ABL Agent, in each case acting at the 
direction of the requisite lenders under the credit documents.
 
(6)Provided
 that holders of at least 65% in amount of all Allowed Class 5 and Class
 6 Claims under the Company’s Second Amended Joint Plan of 
Reorganization confirmed on May 23, 2013, have agreed to extend the 
payment date of their respective claims to December 12, 2020, and the 
Company timely received the Satisfactory Term Sheet, the Company will 
grant to a third party collateral agent (the “Collateral Agent”) for the
 benefit of Claimant and the other allowed Class 5 and Class 6 Claimants
 as a group and to secure the payment of the Claim Balance pro rata with
 claims of the other claimants, including accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon, a security interest in, and third lien on, substantially all of
 the same personal property collateral subject to a first priority 
security interest in favor of the Term Agent (as defined below) 
including certain general intangibles (including intellectual property),
 machinery, equipment, computer and other data processing hardware, and 
software programs, but excluding any collateral subject to a first 
priority security interest in favor of the ABL Agent (as defined below) 
(collectively, the “Collateral”). The grant of a security interest in 
the Collateral will be documented in a security agreement in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Agents and the Collateral Agent. Claimant 
acknowledges and agrees that the security interest and third lien 
granted to the Collateral Agent, shall be and shall remain fully 
subordinate and junior to any and all security interests in, or liens 
on, the Collateral, previously, now or hereafter granted by the Company 
pursuant to the (a) Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral 
Agreement, dated April 7, 2017, amending and restating the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2013, among 
School Specialty, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Bank of 
America, N.A., as agent,(together with any successor agent, the “ABL 
Agent”) and (b) Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 7,
 2017, among School Specialty, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and 
TCW Asset Management Company, LLC, as agent (together with any successor
 agent, the “Term Agent”; and Term Agent and ABL Agent referred to 
together as the “Agents”), as such agreements may be further amended, 
restated, modified, renewed, or, replaced, in whole or in part, from 
time to time, including pursuant to any financing whatsoever to be 
documented under a “silent third” Intercreditor and Subordination 
Agreement in the form of the attached Exhibit B, with such modifications
 as may be acceptable to the Agents and Collateral Agent (the 
“Intercreditor Agreement”). In exchange for such third priority lien, 
each Claimant authorizes the Collateral Agent to enter into such 
Intercreditor Agreement on its  

behalf and each Claimant agrees to be bound by the terms and waivers therein as if a signatory thereto.
 
(7)Claimant
 authorizes the Company to appoint the Collateral Agent for the Claimant
 and the other allowed Class 5 and Class 6 Claimants as a group. 
 
(8)Claimant
 and the Company agree that, until at least the New Due Date, the same 
or better trade terms will apply to Claimant and the Company’s 
relationship as those in effect during the twelve months preceding the 
date of this Agreement. 
 
(9)If
 the Claim Balance exceeds $500,000, then upon ten (10) business days’ 
notice, Claimant may request monthly financial statements of the 
Company, which will be supplied to Claimant by the Company and which 
Claimant agrees (i) shall be kept confidential and not disclosed to any 
person or entity other than a director, officer, or advisor of Claimant 
that is actively involved in evaluating such information, and (ii) shall
 not be used by Claimant, or permitted by Claimant to be used by any 
third party, in contravention of any restrictions imposed by applicable 
securities laws, including restrictions on the purchase or sale of 
securities by any person who has received material, non-public 
information from the issuer of such securities and on the communication 
of such information to any other person when it is reasonably 
foreseeable that such other person is likely to purchase or sell such 
securities in reliance upon such information. 
 
(10)Claimant
 and the Company agree that the terms of this Agreement may be modified 
upon mutual agreement, but no such modification favorable to Claimant, 
and/or adverse to either of the Agents, may be made without the written 
consent of Agents, and any such modification will be null and void ab initio. 
 
(11)This Agreement is governed by New York law and is enforceable in any New York court. 
 
(12)Each Agent is an express third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 
 
 
 
Signature Page Follows

 



SCHOOL SPECIALTY, INC.______________________________ 
(“Company”)(“Claimant”) 
 
By: _______________________By: _____________________ 
Title: ______________________Title: ____________________ 
[Signature Page to Agreement to Extend Due Date of Claim]

 
Exhibit A
 
Amount due to Claimant:  $


Exhibit B
 
Intercreditor Agreement






EX-10.4
5
ex_140196.htm
EXHIBIT 10.4

ex_140196.htm

Exhibit 10.4
 
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT
(Grantor)
 
This
 AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT is made as of April 3, 2019 
(the “Agreement”), by AIRCO 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, with its chief executive office at 5930 Balsom Ridge Road, 
Denver, NC 28037 (“Grantor”), in favor of MINNESOTA BANK & TRUST, a 
national banking corporation, with an office at 9800 Bren Road East, 
Suite 200, Minnetonka, MN 55343 (“Secured Party”).
 
RECITALS:
 
A.     Grantor
 has received extensions of credit from (1) Secured Party pursuant to 
the terms of that Second Loan Agreement dated as of February 22, 2018 
(such Second Loan Agreement being, the “February 2018 Loan Agreement”) 
between Grantor and Secured Party and (2) Secured Party and its 
co-Lender, Park State Bank (“PSB”) pursuant to the terms of that certain
 Loan Agreement dated as of January 18, 2019 (such Loan Agreement being,
 the “January 2019 Loan Agreement”).
 
B.     Grantor’s
 obligations under the February 2018 Loan Agreement are secured by, 
among other things, a perfected security interest in Grantor’s assets 
granted by Grantor to Secured Party, pursuant to that certain Security 
Agreement dated as of October 27, 2017 (the “Original Agreement”).
 
C.     Grantor’s
 obligations under the January 2019 Loan Agreement are secured by, among
 other things, a perfected security interest in Grantor’s assets granted
 by Grantor to Secured Party, in its capacity as Collateral Agent for 
the benefit of itself and PSB, pursuant to that certain Security 
Agreement dated as of January 18, 2019 (such Security Agreement, 
together with the Original Agreement being collectively referred to 
herein as, the “Prior Agreement”)
 
D.
     As a condition to the effectiveness of that 
certain Loan Agreement (as amended, modified, restated, replaced or 
restated from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) dated as of even date 
herewith by and between Grantor and Secured Party, pursuant to which 
Secured Party has agreed to extend a revolving line of credit to 
Grantor, Secured Party has required that the Prior Agreement be amended 
and restated in its entirety by this Agreement.
 
E. 
    Grantor has determined that the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement are in its best business and pecuniary 
interest.
 
NOW,
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy
 of which are hereby acknowledged by each of the parties hereto, Grantor
 and Secured Party agree to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its
 entirety to read as follows:
 

 

 

 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 
As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section:
 
“Accounts” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Chattel Paper”
 shall have the meaning provided in the UCC and shall include, without 
limitation, all Electronic Chattel Paper and Tangible Chattel Paper.
 
“Collateral” shall mean all property in which a security interest is granted hereunder.
 
“Commercial Tort Claim” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Controlled Property”
 shall mean property of every kind and description in which Grantor has 
or may acquire any interest, now or hereafter at any time in the 
possession or control of Secured Party for any reason and all dividends 
and distributions on or other rights in connection with such property.
 
“Data Processing Records and Systems”
 shall mean all of Grantor’s now existing or hereafter acquired 
electronic data processing and computer records, software (including, 
without limitation, all “Software” as defined in the UCC), systems, 
manuals, procedures, disks, tapes and all other storage media and 
memory.
 
“Default”
 shall mean any event which if it continued uncured would, with notice 
or lapse of time or both, constitute an Event of Default.
 
“Deposit Accounts”
 shall have the meaning provided in the UCC and shall include, without 
limitation, any demand, time, savings, passbook or similar account 
maintained with a bank.
 
“Document” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Electronic Chattel Paper” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Equipment” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning specified in Article VI hereof.
 
“Fixtures” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“General Intangibles” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC and shall include, without limitation, all Payment Intangibles.
 
“Goods”
 shall have the meaning provided in the UCC and shall include, without 
limitation, embedded “Software” to the extent included in “Goods” as 
defined in the UCC.
 

2

 

 
“Grantor” shall have the meaning provided in the preamble hereto.
 
“Instruments” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Insurance Proceeds”
 shall mean all proceeds of any and all insurance policies payable to 
Grantor with respect to any Collateral, or on behalf of any Collateral, 
whether or not such policies are issued to or owned by Grantor.
 
“Inventory” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Investment Property” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Letter-of-Credit Rights” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Loan Agreement” shall have the meaning provided in the recitals hereto.
 
“Prior Agreement” shall have the meaning provided in the recitals hereto.
 
“Motor Vehicles”
 shall mean all vehicles (including, without limitation all tractors and
 trailers) for which the title to such vehicle is governed by a 
certificate of title or ownership.
 
“Payment Intangibles” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Proceeds” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Products” shall mean any goods now or hereafter manufactured, processed or assembled with any of the Collateral.
 
“Secured Party” shall have the meaning provided in the preamble hereto.
 
“Supporting Obligations” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“Tangible Chattel Paper” shall have the meaning provided in the UCC.
 
“UCC” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in the State of Minnesota, as amended from time to time; provided, however,
 that: (a) to the extent that the UCC is used to define any term herein,
 and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the UCC, 
the definition of such term contained in Article 9 shall govern; and (b)
 if, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the 
attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, the 
Secured Party’s security interest in any Collateral is governed by the 
Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other
 than the State of Minnesota, the term “UCC” shall mean the Uniform 
Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction 
solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such 
attachment, perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, the 
Secured Party’s security interest and for purposes of definitions 
related to such provisions.
 

3

 

 
Other
 terms defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them herein. 
All capitalized terms used herein, not specifically defined herein, 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement.
 
ARTICLE II
SECURITY INTERESTS
 
As
 security for the payment of all Obligations, Grantor hereby grants to 
Secured Party a security interest in all of Grantor’s right, title and 
interest in and to the following, whether now owned or existing or 
hereafter acquired or arising:
 
Accounts;
Chattel Paper;
Commercial Tort Claims, if any, described on Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference;
Controlled Property;
Deposit Accounts;
Documents;
Equipment and Fixtures;
General Intangibles;
Goods;
Instruments;
Inventory;
Investment Property;
Letter-of-Credit Rights;
Proceeds (whether cash or non-cash Proceeds, including Insurance Proceeds and non-cash Proceeds of all types);
Products of all the foregoing; and
Supporting Obligations.
 
ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF GRANTOR
 
 Grantor represents, warrants and covenants that:
 
3.1      Authorization.
 The execution and performance of this Agreement have been duly 
authorized by all necessary action and do not and will not: (a) require 
any consent or approval of the members or stockholders of any entity, or
 the consent of any governmental entity, which in each case has not been
 obtained; or (b) violate any provision of any indenture, contract, 
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound.
 
3.2      Title to Collateral.
 Grantor has good and marketable title to all of the Collateral and none
 of the Collateral is subject to any security interest except for the 
security interest created pursuant to this Agreement or other security 
interests permitted by the Loan Agreement (such other security interests
 being “Permitted Liens”).
 

4

 

 
3.3      Disposition or Encumbrance of Collateral.
 Grantor will not encumber, sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the
 Collateral without the prior written consent of Secured Party except as
 provided in this Section or for Permitted Liens. Until a Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Grantor may sell 
Collateral consisting of: (a) Inventory in the ordinary course of 
business provided that Grantor receives as consideration for such sale 
an amount not less than the fair market value of the Inventory at the 
time of such sale; and (b) Equipment and Fixtures which in the 
judgment of Grantor have become obsolete or unusable in the ordinary 
course of business, provided that all net Proceeds of such sales of 
Equipment and Fixtures are (i) used to acquire replacement Equipment or 
Fixtures or (ii) delivered directly to Secured Party for application to 
the Obligations in such order as the Secured Party may elect.
 
3.4      Validity of Accounts.
 Grantor warrants that all Collateral consisting of Accounts, Chattel 
Paper and Instruments included in Grantor’s schedules, financial 
statements or books and records are bona fide existing obligations 
created by the sale and actual delivery of Inventory or the rendition of
 services to customers in the ordinary course of business, which Grantor
 then owns free and clear of any security interest other than the 
security interest created by this Agreement or other Permitted Liens, 
and which are then unconditionally owing to Grantor without defenses, 
offset or counterclaim except those arising in the ordinary course of 
business that are immaterial in the aggregate and that the unpaid 
principal amount of any such Chattel Paper or Instrument and any 
security therefor is and will be as represented to Secured Party on the 
date of the delivery thereof to Secured Party.
 
3.5       Maintenance of Tangible Collateral.
 Grantor will maintain the tangible Collateral in good condition and 
repair (reasonable wear and tear excepted). At the time of attachment 
and perfection of the security interest granted pursuant hereto and 
thereafter, all tangible Collateral will be located and will be 
maintained only at the locations set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Except 
as otherwise permitted by Section 3.3, Grantor will not remove such 
Collateral from such locations unless, prior to any such removal, 
Grantor has given written notice to Secured Party of the location or 
locations to which Grantor desires to remove the Collateral, Secured 
Party has given its written consent to such removal, and Grantor has 
delivered to Secured Party acknowledgment copies of financing statements
 filed where appropriate to continue the perfection of Secured Party’s 
security interest as a first priority security interest on such 
Collateral. Secured Party’s security interest attaches to all of the 
Collateral wherever located and Grantor’s failure to inform Secured 
Party of the location of any item or items of Collateral shall not 
impair Secured Party’s security interest thereon.
 
3.6       Notation on Chattel Paper.
 For purposes of the security interest granted pursuant to this 
Agreement, Secured Party has been granted a direct security interest in 
all Chattel Paper constituting part of the Collateral, and such Chattel 
Paper is not claimed merely as Proceeds of Inventory. Upon Secured 
Party’s request, Grantor will deliver to Secured Party the original of 
all Chattel Paper. Grantor will not execute any copies of such Chattel 
Paper constituting part of the Collateral other than those which are 
clearly marked as a copy. Secured Party may stamp any such Chattel Paper
 with a legend reflecting Secured Party’s security interest therein.
 

5

 

 
3.7     Instruments as Proceeds; Deposit Accounts.
 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement concerning 
Instruments, Grantor covenants that Instruments constituting cash 
Proceeds (for example, money and checks) shall be deposited in Deposit 
Accounts with the Secured Party. Grantor has granted to the Secured 
Party a direct security interest in all Deposit Accounts constituting 
part of the Collateral and such Deposit Accounts are not claimed merely 
as Proceeds of other Collateral.
 
3.8     Protection of Collateral.
 All expenses of protecting, storing, warehousing, insuring, handling 
and shipping of the Collateral, all costs of keeping the Collateral free
 of any liens, encumbrances and security interests prohibited by this 
Agreement and of removing the same if they should arise, and any and all
 excise, property, sales and use taxes imposed by any state, federal or 
local authority on any of the Collateral or in respect of the sale 
thereof, shall be borne and paid by Grantor and if Grantor fails to 
promptly pay any thereof when due, Secured Party may, at its option, but
 shall not be required to pay the same whereupon the same shall 
constitute Obligations and shall bear interest at the Default Rate 
specified in the Note and shall be secured by the security interest 
granted hereunder.
 
3.9     Insurance.
 Grantor will procure and maintain, or cause to be procured and 
maintained, insurance issued by responsible insurance companies insuring
 the Collateral against damage and loss by theft, fire, collision (in 
the case of Motor Vehicles), and such other risks as are usually carried
 by owners of similar properties or as may be requested by Secured Party
 in an amount equal to the replacement value thereof, and, in any event,
 in an amount sufficient to avoid the application of any co-insurance 
provisions and payable, in the case of any loss in excess of $50,000.00,
 to Grantor and Secured Party jointly. All such insurance shall contain 
an agreement by the insurer to endeavor to provide Secured Party with 30
 days’ prior notice of cancellation and an agreement that the interest 
of Secured Party shall not be impaired or invalidated by any act or 
neglect of Grantor nor by the occupation of the premises wherein such 
Collateral is located for purposes more hazardous than are permitted by 
said policy. Grantor will maintain, with financially sound and reputable
 insurers, insurance with respect to its properties and business against
 such casualties and contingencies of such types (which may include, 
without limitation, public and product liability, larceny, embezzlement,
 business interruption or other criminal misappropriation insurance) and
 in such amounts as may from time to time be required by Secured Party. 
Grantor will deliver evidence of such insurance and the policies of 
insurance or copies thereof to Secured Party upon request.
 
3.10    Compliance with Law.
 Grantor will not use the Collateral, or knowingly permit the Collateral
 to be used, for any unlawful purpose or in violation of any federal, 
state or municipal law.
 
3.11    Books and Records; Access.
 
(a)
      Grantor will permit Secured Party and its
 representatives to examine Grantor’s books and records (including Data 
Processing Records and Systems) with respect to the Collateral and make 
extracts therefrom and copies thereof at any time and from time to time,
 and Grantor will furnish such information and reports to Secured Party 
and its representatives regarding the Collateral as Secured Party and 
its representatives may from time to time request. Grantor will also 
permit Secured Party and its representatives to inspect the Collateral 
at any time and from time to time as Secured Party and its 
representatives may request.
 

6

 

 
(b)
     Secured Party shall have authority, at any 
time, to place, or require Grantor to place, upon Grantor’s books and 
records relating to Accounts, Chattel Paper and other rights to payment 
covered by the security interest granted hereby a notation or legend 
stating that such Accounts, Chattel Paper and other rights to payment 
are subject to Secured Party’s security interest.
 
3.12    Notice of Default.
 Immediately upon any officer of Grantor becoming aware of the existence
 of any Default or Event of Default, Grantor will give notice to Secured
 Party that such Default or Event of Default exists, stating the nature 
thereof, the period of existence thereof, and what action Grantor 
proposes to take with respect thereto.
 
3.13    Additional Documentation.
 Grantor will execute, from time to time, and authorizes Secured Party 
to execute from time to time as Grantor’s attorney-in-fact and/or file, 
such financing statements, assignments, and other documents covering the
 Collateral, including Proceeds, as Secured Party may request in order 
to create, evidence, perfect, maintain or continue its security interest
 in the Collateral (including additional Collateral acquired by Grantor 
after the date hereof), and Grantor will pay the cost of filing the same
 in all public offices in which Secured Party may deem filing to be 
appropriate and will notify Secured Party promptly upon acquiring any 
additional Collateral that may require an additional filing. Upon 
request, Grantor will deliver to Secured Party all Grantor’s Documents, 
Chattel Paper and Instruments constituting part of the Collateral.
 
3.14    Chief Executive Office; State of Organization.
 The location of the chief executive office of Grantor is located in the
 State set forth in the preamble hereto and will not be changed from 
such state without 30 days’ prior written notice to Secured Party. 
Grantor warrants that its books and records concerning Accounts and 
Chattel Paper constituting part of the Collateral are located at its 
chief executive office. Grantor’s State of organization is the State set
 forth in the preamble hereto, and such State has been its State of 
organization since the date of Grantor’s organization. Grantor will not 
change its State of organization from such State without 30 days’ prior 
written notice to Secured Party, and without Secured Party’s written 
consent to such change, and without delivering to Secured Party 
acknowledgment copies of financing statements filed where appropriate to
 continue the perfection of Secured Party’s security interest as a first
 priority security interest therein.
 
3.15    Name of Grantor.
 Grantor’s exact legal name and type of legal entity is as set forth in 
the preamble hereto. Grantor will not further change its legal name 
without 30 days’ prior written notice to the Secured Party, and without 
Secured Party’s written consent to such change, and without delivering 
to the Secured Party acknowledgment copies of financing statements filed
 where appropriate to continue the perfection of the Secured Party’s 
security interest as a first priority security interest in the 
Collateral. Grantor has not used any other name within the past five 
years except those described on Exhibit A attached hereto. Neither 
Grantor nor, to Grantor’s knowledge, any predecessor in title to any of 
the Collateral has executed any financing statements or security 
agreements presently effective as to the Collateral except those 
described on Exhibit A attached hereto.
 

7

 

 
3.16    Disputes, Etc.
 Grantor shall advise Secured Party promptly of Inventory in excess of 
$50,000.00 for any one customer in any fiscal year or in excess of 
$100,000.00 in the aggregate for all customers in any fiscal year which 
are returned by a customer(s) or otherwise recovered from such 
customer(s) and unless instructed to deliver such Inventory to Secured 
Party, Grantor shall resell such Inventory for Secured Party and assign 
or deliver to Secured Party the resulting Accounts or other Proceeds. 
Grantor shall also advise Secured Party promptly of all disputes and 
claims in excess of $50,000.00 for any one obligor on the Collateral in 
any fiscal year or in excess of $100,000.00 in the aggregate for all 
obligors in any fiscal year and settle or adjust them at no expense to 
Secured Party. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, Secured Party may at all times settle or adjust such 
disputes and claims directly with the customers for amounts and upon 
terms which Secured Party considers commercially reasonable. No 
discount, credit, allowance, adjustment or return shall be granted by 
Grantor to any customer without Secured Party’s written consent other 
than discounts, credits, allowances, adjustments and returns made or 
granted by Grantor in the ordinary course of business prior to the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default.
 
3.17    Power of Attorney.
 Grantor appoints Secured Party or any other person whom Secured Party 
may from time to time designate, as Grantor’s attorney in fact, with 
power to: (a) endorse Grantor’s name on any checks, notes, acceptances, 
drafts or other forms of payment or security evidencing or relating to 
any Collateral that may come into Secured Party’s possession; (b) sign 
Grantor’s name on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any 
Collateral, on drafts against customers, on schedules and confirmatory 
assignments of Accounts, Chattel Paper, Documents or other Collateral, 
on notices of assignment, financing statements under the UCC and other 
public records, on verifications of accounts and on notices to 
customers; (c) notify the post office authorities to change the address 
for delivery of Grantor’s mail to an address designated by Secured 
Party; (d) receive and open all mail addressed to Grantor; (e) send 
requests for verification of Accounts, Chattel Paper, Instruments or 
other Collateral to customers; and (f) do all things necessary to carry 
out this Agreement; provided, however, that so long as no 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Lender: (x) shall not 
exercise the powers granted pursuant to Section 3.17(c) or (d); (y) 
shall exercise the power granted by Section 3.17(e) through Secured 
Party’s trade accounting firm name and not in any name identifying the 
verifying party as a bank, lender or other financial institution; and 
(z) shall exercise the powers granted by Section 3.17(f) only upon 
Grantor’s failure to take action requested by Secured Party within five 
(5) Business Days after the Lender has requested that Borrower take the 
requested action. Grantor ratifies and approves all acts of the attorney
 taken within the scope of the authority granted. Neither Secured Party 
nor the attorney will be liable for any acts of commission or omission, 
or for any error in judgment or mistake of fact or law. This power, 
being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable so long as any Obligation
 remains unpaid. Grantor waives presentment and protest of all 
instruments and notice thereof, notice of default and dishonor and all 
other notices to which Grantor may otherwise be entitled.
 

8

 

 
3.18    Patents and Trademarks, Etc.
 Grantor agrees with Secured Party that, until the security interest 
granted by this Agreement has been terminated in accordance with the 
terms hereof:
 
(a) 
     Grantor will perform all acts and execute all documents 
including, without limitation, grants of security interest, in form 
suitable for filing with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, 
reasonably requested by Secured Party at any time to evidence, perfect, 
maintain, record and enforce Secured Party’s interest in the Collateral 
comprised of patents (collectively the “Patents”), patent applications 
(collectively the “Patent Applications”), trademarks or service marks 
(collectively the “Trademarks”) or of any applications therefor 
(collectively the “Trademark Applications”) or otherwise in furtherance 
of the provisions of this Agreement;
 
(b)
      Except to the extent that Secured Party 
shall consent in writing, Grantor (either itself or through licensees) 
will, unless Grantor shall reasonably determine that a Trademark (or the
 use of a Trademark in connection with a particular class of goods or 
products) is not of material economic value to Grantor: (i) continue to 
use each Trademark on each and every trademark class of goods in order 
to maintain each Trademark in full force free from any claim of 
abandonment for non-use; (ii) maintain as in the past the quality of 
products and services offered under each Trademark; (iii) employ each 
Trademark with the appropriate notice of application or registration to 
the extent required by applicable law to maintain such Trademark; (iv) 
not use any Trademark except for the uses for which registration or 
application for registration of such Trademark has been made, unless 
such use is otherwise lawful; and (v) not (and not permit any licensee 
or sublicensee thereof to) do any act or knowingly omit to do any act 
whereby any Trademark may become invalidated;
 
(c)
      Except to the extent that Secured Party 
shall consent in writing, Grantor will not, unless Grantor shall 
reasonably determine that a Patent is not of material economic value to 
Grantor, do any act, or not to do any act, whereby any Patent may become
 abandoned or dedicated;
 
(d)
      Unless Grantor shall reasonably determine
 that a Patent, Patent Application, Trademark or Trademark Application 
is not of material economic value to Grantor, Grantor shall notify 
Secured Party immediately if it knows, or has reason to know, of any 
reason that any Patent, Patent Application, Trademark or Trademark 
Application may become abandoned or dedicated, or of any adverse 
determination or development (including, without limitation, the 
institution of, or any such determination or development in, any 
proceeding in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any 
court) regarding Grantor’s ownership of any Patent or Trademark, its 
rights to register the same, or to keep and maintain the same;
 
(e)
      If Grantor, either itself or through any 
agent, employee, licensee or designee, shall file a Patent Application 
or Trademark Application for the registration of any Trademark with the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, or any similar office or 
agency in any other country or any political subdivision thereof, 
Grantor shall promptly inform Secured Party, and, upon request of 
Secured Party, shall promptly execute and deliver any and all 
agreements, instruments, documents and papers as Secured Party may 
reasonably request to evidence Secured Party’s security interest in such
 Patent or Trademark and the goodwill and general intangibles of Grantor
 relating thereto or represented thereby;
 

9

 

 
(f)
      Unless Grantor shall reasonably determine
 that a Patent Application or Trademark Application is not of material 
economic value to Grantor, Grantor will take all necessary steps, 
including, without limitation, in any proceeding before the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office, or any similar office or agency in 
any other country or any political subdivision thereof, to maintain and 
pursue each Patent Application and Trademark Application (and to obtain 
the relevant registration) and to maintain each registration of the 
Patents and Trademarks, including, without limitation, filing of 
applications for renewal and affidavits of use;
 
(g)
     Unless Grantor shall reasonably determine that a
 Patent or Trademark is not of material economic value to Grantor, 
Grantor shall promptly notify Secured Party if any Patent or Trademark 
is infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party and either 
shall promptly sue for infringement, misappropriation or dilution and to
 recover any and all damages for such infringement, misappropriation or 
dilution, or take such other actions as Grantor shall reasonably deem 
appropriate under the circumstances to protect such Patent or Trademark;
 and
 
(h)
      Grantor agrees that it will not enter 
into any agreement (for example, a license agreement) which is 
inconsistent with Grantor’s obligations under this Agreement.
 
3.19    Copyrights.
 Grantor agrees with Secured Party that, until the security interest 
granted by this Agreement has been terminated in accordance with the 
terms hereof:
 
(a)
      Grantor will perform all acts and execute
 all documents including, without limitation, grants of security 
interest, in form suitable for filing with the United States Copyright 
Office, reasonably requested by Secured Party at any time to evidence, 
perfect, maintain, record and enforce Secured Party’s interest in the 
Collateral comprised of copyrights or copyright applications 
(collectively the “Copyrights”) or otherwise in furtherance of the 
provisions of this Agreement;
 
(b)
      Except to the extent that the Secured 
Party shall consent in writing, Grantor (either itself or through 
licensees) will, unless Grantor shall reasonably determine that a 
Copyright is not of material economic value to Grantor, publish the 
materials for which a Copyright has been obtained (the “Works”) with any
 notice of copyright registration required by applicable law to preserve
 the Copyright;
 
(c)
      Unless Grantor shall reasonably determine
 that a Copyright is not of material economic value to Grantor, Grantor 
shall notify the Secured Party immediately if it knows, or has reason to
 know, of any reason that any application or registration relating to 
any Copyright may become abandoned or dedicated or of any adverse 
determination or development (including, without limitation, the 
institution of, or any such determination or development in, any 
proceeding in the United States Copyright Office or any court) regarding
 Grantor’s ownership of any Copyright, its right to register the same, 
or to keep and maintain the same;
 

10

 

 
(d)
      If Grantor, either itself or through any 
agent, employee, licensee or designee, shall file an application for the
 registration of any Copyright with the United States Copyright Office 
or any similar office or agency in any other country or any political 
subdivision thereof, Grantor shall promptly inform Secured Party, and, 
upon request of Secured Party, execute and deliver any and all 
agreements, instruments, documents and papers as Secured Party may 
request to evidence Secured Party’s security interest in such Copyright 
and the Works relating thereto or represented thereby;
 
(e)
      Unless Grantor shall reasonably determine
 that a Copyright is not of material economic value to Grantor, Grantor 
will take all commercially reasonable steps, including, without 
limitation, in any proceeding before the United States Copyright Office 
or any similar office or agency in any other country or any political 
subdivision thereof, to maintain and pursue each application (and to 
obtain the relevant registration) and to maintain each registration of 
the Copyrights;
 
(f)
      In the event that any Copyright is 
infringed by a third party, Grantor shall promptly notify Secured Party 
and shall, unless Grantor shall reasonably determine that such Copyright
 is not of material economic value to Grantor, promptly sue to recover 
any and all damages or take such other actions as Grantor shall 
reasonably deem appropriate under the circumstances to protect such 
Copyright; and
 
(g)
      Grantor agrees that it will not enter 
into any agreement (for example, a license agreement) which is 
inconsistent with Grantor’s obligations under this Agreement.
 
3.20    Control.
 Grantor will cooperate with Secured Party in obtaining control with 
respect to Collateral consisting of Deposit Accounts, Investment 
Property, Letter-of-Credit Rights, and Electronic Chattel Paper. Without
 limiting the foregoing, if Grantor becomes a beneficiary of a letter of
 credit, then Grantor shall promptly notify the Secured Party thereof 
and, if then requested by Secured Party, enter into a tri-party 
agreement with the Secured Party and the issuer and/or confirmation bank
 with respect to such letter of credit assigning the Letter-of-Credit 
Rights to the Secured Party and directing all payments thereunder to the
 Secured Party, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
 Secured Party.
 
3.21    Further Acts.
 Where Collateral is in the possession of a third party, Grantor will 
join with Secured Party in notifying such third party of Secured Party’s
 security interest and in obtaining an acknowledgment from such third 
party that it is holding such Collateral for the benefit of the Secured 
Party.
 
3.22    Commercial Tort Claims.
 Grantor shall promptly notify the Secured Party of any Commercial Tort 
Claim acquired by it and, unless otherwise consented to by the Secured 
Party, Grantor shall promptly enter into a supplement to this Agreement 
granting to the Secured Party a security interest in such Commercial 
Tort Claim.
 

11

 

 
3.23    Motor Vehicles.
 
(a)      Grantor shall maintain all vehicle titles at its chief executive office.
 
(b)     Grantor
 shall promptly, but in any event no later than 10 days after the 
Secured Party’s written request (the date on which the Grantor receives 
such request being the “Titles Request Date”), deliver to the 
Secured Party originals of the certificates of title or ownership for 
the Motor Vehicles owned by it together with appropriate grant forms 
executed in favor of the Secured Party.
 
(c) 
     Upon the acquisition after the Titles Request Date by 
Grantor of any Motor Vehicle, Grantor shall deliver to the Secured Party
 originals of the certificates of title or ownership for such Motor 
Vehicle, together with the manufacturer’s statement of origin, with the 
Secured Party listed as lienholder.
 
(d)     Grantor
 hereby appoints the Secured Party as its attorney-in-fact, effective 
the date hereof and terminating upon the termination of this Agreement, 
for the purpose of (i) executing on behalf of Grantor title or ownership
 applications for filing with appropriate state agencies to enable Motor
 Vehicles now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor to be retitled and 
the Secured Party listed as lienholder thereof, (ii) filing such 
applications with such state agencies, and (iii) executing such other 
documents and instruments on behalf of, and taking such other action in 
the name of, Grantor as the Secured Party may deem necessary or 
advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof (including, without 
limitation, for the purpose of creating in favor of the Secured Party a 
perfected Lien on the Motor Vehicles and exercising the rights and 
remedies of the Secured Party hereunder). This appointment as 
attorney-in-fact is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until 
all of the Obligations are paid in full after the termination of the 
Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
(e) 
     Any certificates of title or ownership delivered pursuant
 to the terms hereof shall be accompanied by odometer statements for 
each Motor Vehicle covered thereby.
 
(f) 
     So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
 continuing, upon the request of Grantor, the Secured Party shall 
execute and deliver to Grantor such instruments as Grantor shall 
reasonably request to remove the notation of the Secured Party as 
lienholder on any certificate of title for any Motor Vehicle; provided 
that any such instruments shall be delivered, and the release effective,
 only upon receipt by the Secured Party of a certificate from Grantor, 
stating that the Motor Vehicle, the Lien on which is to be released, is 
to be sold or has suffered a casualty loss (with title thereto passing 
to the casualty insurance company therefor in settlement of the claim 
for such loss), the amount that Grantor will receive as sale Proceeds or
 insurance Proceeds, and any Proceeds of such sale or casualty loss 
shall be paid to the Secured Party hereunder to be applied to the 
Obligations then outstanding.
 

12

 

 
ARTICLE IV
COLLECTIONS
 
Except
 as otherwise provided in this Article IV, Grantor shall continue to 
collect, at its own expense, all amounts due or to become due to Grantor
 under the Accounts constituting part of the Collateral and all other 
Collateral. In connection with such collections, Grantor may take (and, 
at Secured Party’s direction given after the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, shall take) such action as Grantor 
or Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection 
of the Accounts and such other Collateral; provided, however,
 that Secured Party shall have the right at any time, without giving 
written notice to Grantor of Secured Party’s intention to do so, to 
notify the account debtors under any Accounts or obligors with respect 
to such other Collateral of the assignment of such Accounts and such 
other Collateral to Secured Party and to direct such account debtors or 
obligors to make payment of all amounts due or to become due to Grantor 
thereunder directly to Secured Party and, upon such notification and at 
the expense of Grantor, to enforce collection of any such Accounts or 
other Collateral, and to adjust, settle or compromise the amount or 
payment thereof in the same manner and to the same extent as Grantor 
might have done, but unless and until Secured Party does so or gives 
Grantor other instructions, Grantor shall make all collections for 
Secured Party. In addition to its rights under the preceding sentence to
 this Section, Secured Party, at any time after the occurrence of an 
Event of Default may require that Grantor instruct all current and 
future account debtors and obligors on other Collateral to make all 
payments directly to a lockbox (the “Lockbox”) controlled by Secured 
Party. All payments received in the Lockbox shall be transferred to a 
special bank account (the “Collateral Account”) maintained for the 
benefit of Secured Party subject to withdrawal by Secured Party only. 
After the earliest to occur of an Event of Default, Secured Party’s 
exercise of its right to direct account debtors or other obligors on any
 Collateral to make payments directly to Secured Party or to require 
Grantor to establish a Lockbox, Grantor shall immediately deliver all 
full and partial payments on any Collateral received by Grantor to 
Secured Party in their original form, except for endorsements where 
necessary. Secured Party, at its sole discretion, may hold any 
collections on the Collateral delivered to it or deposited in the 
Collateral Account as cash collateral or may apply such collections to 
the payment of the Obligations in such order as Secured Party may elect;
 provided, however, that after an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, Secured Party shall apply all collections in
 accordance with Section 7.7. Until such payments are so delivered to 
Secured Party, such payments shall be held in trust by Grantor for and 
as Secured Party’s property, and shall not be commingled with any funds 
of Grantor. Any application of any collection to the payment of any 
Obligation is conditioned upon final payment of any check or other 
instrument.
 

13

 

 
ARTICLE V
ASSIGNMENT OF INSURANCE
 
Grantor
 hereby assigns to Secured Party, as additional security for payment of 
the Obligations, any and all monies due or to become due under, and any 
and all other rights of Grantor with respect to, any and all policies of
 insurance covering the Collateral. So long as no Default or Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, Grantor may itself adjust and 
collect for any losses of up to an aggregate amount of $50,000.00 for 
all occurrences during any of Grantor’s fiscal years and Grantor may use
 the resulting Insurance Proceeds for the replacement, restoration or 
repair of the Collateral. After the occurrence and during the 
continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, or after the aggregate 
amount of losses arising out of all occurrences during any of Grantor’s 
fiscal years exceeds $50,000.00, Secured Party may (but need not) in its
 own name or in Grantor’s name execute and deliver proofs of claim, 
receive such monies, and settle or litigate any claim against the issuer
 of any such policy and Grantor directs the issuer to pay any such 
monies directly to Secured Party and Secured Party, at its sole 
discretion and regardless of whether Secured Party exercises its right 
to collect Insurance Proceeds under this Section, may apply any 
Insurance Proceeds to the payment of the Obligations, whether due or 
not, in such order and manner as Secured Party may elect or may permit 
Grantor to use such Insurance Proceeds for the replacement, restoration 
or repair of the Collateral.
 
ARTICLE VI
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
The
 occurrence of any Event of Default as defined in the Loan Agreement 
shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder (“Event of Default”).
 
ARTICLE VII      
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT
 
Upon
 the occurrence of an Event of Default, and at any time thereafter until
 such Event of Default is cured to the satisfaction of Secured Party, 
and in addition to the rights granted to Secured Party under Articles IV
 and V hereof, Secured Party may exercise any one or more of the 
following rights and remedies:
 
7.1      Acceleration of Obligations.
 Declare any and all Obligations to be immediately due and payable, and 
the same shall thereupon become immediately due and payable without 
further notice or demand.
 
7.2      Right of Offset.
 Offset any deposits, including unmatured time deposits, then maintained
 by Grantor with Secured Party, whether or not then due, against any 
indebtedness then owed by Grantor to Secured Party whether or not then 
due.
 
7.3     Deal with Collateral.
 In the name of Grantor or otherwise, demand, collect, receive and give 
receipt for, compound, compromise, settle and give acquittance for and 
prosecute and discontinue any suits or proceedings in respect of any or 
all of the Collateral.
 
7.4     Realize on Collateral.
 Take any action which Secured Party may deem reasonably necessary or 
desirable in order to realize on the Collateral, including, without 
limitation, the power to perform any contract, to endorse in the name of
 Grantor any checks, drafts, notes, or other instruments or documents 
received in payment of or on account of the Collateral. Secured Party 
may comply with any applicable state or federal law requirements in 
connection with a disposition of the Collateral and compliance will not 
be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any 
sale of the Collateral. Secured Party may sell the Collateral without 
giving any warranties as to the Collateral. Secured Party may 
specifically disclaim any warranties of title or the like. This 
procedure will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial 
reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral.
 

14

 

 
7.5      Access to Property.
 Enter upon and into and take possession of all or such part or parts of
 the properties of Grantor, including lands, plants, buildings, 
machinery, equipment, Data Processing Records and Systems and other 
property as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable judgment 
of Secured Party, to permit or enable Secured Party to store, lease, 
sell or otherwise dispose of or collect all or any part of the 
Collateral, and use and operate said properties for such purposes and 
for such length of time as Secured Party may deem necessary or 
appropriate for said purposes without the payment of any compensation to
 Grantor therefor. Grantor shall provide Secured Party with all 
information and assistance requested by Secured Party to facilitate the 
storage, leasing, sale or other disposition or collection of the 
Collateral after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
 
7.6     Other Rights.
 Exercise any and all other rights and remedies available to it by law 
or by agreement, including rights and remedies under the UCC as adopted 
in the relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law, or under the 
Loan Agreement and, in connection therewith, Secured Party may require 
Grantor to assemble the Collateral and make it available to Secured 
Party at a place to be designated by Secured Party, and any notice of 
intended disposition of any of the Collateral required by law shall be 
deemed reasonable if such notice is mailed or delivered to Grantor at 
its address as shown on Secured Party’s records at least 10 days before 
the date of such disposition.
 
7.7      Application of Proceeds.
 All Proceeds of Collateral shall be applied in accordance with the UCC,
 and such Proceeds applied toward the Obligations shall be applied in 
such order as Secured Party may elect.
 
7.8      Patents and Trademarks. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default:
 
(a)
     Secured Party may, at any time and from time to
 time, upon thirty (30) days’ prior notice to Grantor, license or, to 
the extent permitted by an applicable license, sublicense, whether 
general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or 
non-exclusive basis, any Patent or Trademark, throughout the world for 
such term or terms, on such conditions, and in such manner, as Secured 
Party shall in its sole discretion determine;
 
(b)
     Secured Party may (without assuming any 
obligations or liability thereunder), at any time enforce (and shall 
have the exclusive right to enforce) against any licensor, licensee or 
sublicensee all rights and remedies of Grantor in, to and under any one 
or more license or other agreements with respect to any Patent or 
Trademark and take or refrain from taking any action under any such 
license or other agreement, and Grantor hereby releases Secured Party 
from, and agrees to hold Secured Party free and harmless from and 
against, any claims arising out of, any action taken or omitted to be 
taken with respect to any such license or agreement;
 

15

 

 
(c)
      Any and all payments received by Secured 
Party under or in respect of any Patent or Trademark (whether from 
Grantor or otherwise), or received by Secured Party by virtue of the 
exercise of the license granted to Secured Party by subsection (g) 
below, shall be applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 
7.7 hereof;
 
(d)
      Secured Party may exercise in respect of 
the Patents and Trademarks, in addition to other rights and remedies 
provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and 
remedies of a secured party on default under the UCC;
 
(e)
      In order to implement the sale, lease, 
assignment, license, sublicense or other disposition of any of the 
Patents and Trademarks pursuant to this Section 7.8, Secured Party 
may, at any time, execute and deliver on behalf of Grantor one or more 
instruments of assignment of the Patents and Trademarks (or any 
application or registration thereof), in form suitable for filing, 
recording or registration in any country. Grantor agrees to pay when due
 all reasonable costs incurred in any such transfer of the Patents and 
Trademarks, including any taxes, fees and reasonable attorneys’ fees;
 
(f) 
     In the event of any sale, lease, assignment, license, 
sublicense or other disposition of any of the Patents or Trademarks 
pursuant to this Section, Grantor shall supply to Secured Party or its 
designee its know-how and expertise relating to the manufacture and sale
 of the products relating to any Patent or Trademark subject to such 
disposition, and its customer lists and other records relating to such 
Patents or Trademarks and to the distribution of said products; and
 
(g) 
     For the purpose of enabling Secured Party to exercise 
rights and remedies under this Agreement at such time as Secured Party 
shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for
 no other purpose, Grantor hereby grants to Secured Party, an 
irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable without payment of 
royalty or other compensation to Grantor) to use, license or sublicense 
at such time any Patent or Trademark, now owned or hereafter acquired by
 Grantor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such 
license reasonable access to all media in which any of the licensed 
items may be recorded or stored and to all computer and automatic 
machinery software and programs used for the compilation or printout 
thereof.
 
7.9      Copyrights. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default:
 
(a)
      Secured Party may, at any time and from 
time to time, upon thirty (30) days’ prior notice to Grantor, license 
or, to the extent permitted by an applicable license, sublicense, 
whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or 
non-exclusive basis, any Copyright, for such term or terms, on such 
conditions, and in such manner, as Secured Party shall in its sole 
discretion determine;
 
(b)
      Secured Party may (without assuming any 
obligations or liability thereunder), at any time, enforce (and shall 
have the exclusive right to enforce) against any licensor, licensee or 
sublicensee all rights and remedies of Grantor in, to and under any one 
or more license or other agreements with respect to any Copyright and 
take or refrain from taking any action under any such license or other 
agreement and Grantor hereby releases Secured Party from, and agrees to 
hold Secured Party free and harmless from and against, any claims 
arising out of, any action taken or omitted to be taken with respect to 
any such license or agreement;
 

16

 

 
(c)
      Any and all payments received by Secured 
Party under or in respect of any Copyright (whether from Grantor or 
otherwise), or received by Secured Party by virtue of the exercise of 
the license granted to Secured Party by subsection (f) below, shall be 
applied to the Obligations in accordance with Section 7.7;
 
(d)
      Secured Party may exercise in respect of 
the Copyrights, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for 
herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a 
secured party on default under the UCC;
 
(e)
      In order to implement the sale, lease, 
assignment, license, sublicense or other disposition of any of the 
Copyrights pursuant to this Section 7.9, Secured Party may, at any time,
 execute and deliver on behalf of Grantor one or more instruments of 
assignment of the Copyrights (or any application or registration 
thereof), in form suitable for filing, recording or registration in the 
Copyright Office or any country where the relevant Copyright is of 
material economic value to Grantor. Grantor agrees to pay when due all 
reasonable costs incurred in any such transfer of the Copyrights, 
including any taxes, fees and reasonable attorneys’ fees; and
 
(f)
      For the purpose of enabling Secured Party
 to exercise rights and remedies under this Agreement at such time as 
Secured Party shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and 
remedies, and for no other purpose, Grantor hereby grants to Secured 
Party an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable without payment
 of royalty or other compensation to Grantor) to use, license or 
sublicense any Copyright, now owned or hereafter acquired by Grantor, 
and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license 
reasonable access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be
 recorded or stored and to all computer and automatic machinery software
 and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.
 
ARTICLE VIII
MISCELLANEOUS
 
8.1     No Liability on Collateral.
 It is understood that Secured Party does not in any way assume any of 
Grantor’s obligations under any of the Collateral. Grantor hereby agrees
 to indemnify Secured Party against all liability arising in connection 
with or on account of any of the Collateral, except for any such 
liabilities arising on account of Secured Party’s negligence or willful 
misconduct.
 
8.2      No Waiver.
 Secured Party shall not be deemed to have waived any of its rights 
hereunder or under any other agreement, instrument or paper signed by 
Grantor unless such waiver is in writing and signed by Secured Party. No
 delay or omission on the part of Secured Party in exercising any right 
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver on 
any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to or waiver of any 
right or remedy on any future occasion.
 

17

 

 
8.3      Remedies Cumulative.
 All rights and remedies of Secured Party shall be cumulative and may be
 exercised singularly or concurrently, at their option, and the exercise
 or enforcement of any one such right or remedy shall not bar or be a 
condition to the exercise or enforcement of any other.
 
8.4     Governing Law.
 This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and 
the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of
 Minnesota, except to the extent that the perfection of the security 
interest hereunder, or the enforcement of any remedies hereunder, with 
respect to any particular Collateral shall be governed by the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the State of Minnesota.
 
8.5     Expenses.
 Grantor agrees to pay the reasonable attorneys’ fees and legal expenses
 incurred by Secured Party in the exercise of any right or remedy 
available to it under this Agreement, whether or not suit is commenced, 
including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and legal expenses 
incurred in connection with any appeal of a lower court’s order or 
judgment.
 
8.6      Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of Grantor and Secured Party.
 
8.7      Recitals. The above Recitals are true and correct as of the date hereof and constitute a part of this Agreement.
 
8.8      Severability.
 Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be 
interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
 law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or 
invalid under such law, such provision shall be ineffective to the 
extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the 
remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement.
 
8.9     Reinstatement.
 This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be
 effective should any petition be filed by or against Grantor for 
liquidation or reorganization, should Grantor become insolvent or make 
an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a receiver or 
trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of Grantor’s 
assets, and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case
 may be, if at any time payment and performance of the Obligations, or 
any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced 
in amount, or must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of 
the Obligations, whether as a “voidable preference”, “fraudulent 
conveyance”, or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had
 not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is 
rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Obligations shall be 
reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so 
rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.
 
8.10    No Obligation to Pursue Others.
 Secured Party has no obligation to attempt to satisfy the Obligations 
by collecting them from any other person liable for them and Secured 
Party may release, modify or waive any Collateral provided by any other 
person to secure any of the Obligations, all without affecting Secured 
Party’s rights against Grantor. Grantor waives any right it may have to 
require Secured Party to pursue any third person for any of the 
Obligations.
 

18

 

 
8.11   Waiver of Jury Trial.
 GRANTOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE(S) ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS (a) UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT 
DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE FUTURE BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION 
HEREWITH, OR (b) ARISING FROM ANY RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND AGREE(S) THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.
 
8.12    Counterparts.
 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different 
parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall 
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall 
constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a 
signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or .pdf file shall be 
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this 
Agreement, but the party delivering a facsimile, pdf or other digital 
copy shall deliver an original copy of this Agreement as soon as 
possible after delivering the facsimile or other digital copy.
 
8.13    Effect on Prior Agreement.
 The Prior Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety by this 
Agreement, but such amendment and restatement does not alter the 
original date and continuing effectiveness of, the Prior Agreement.
 

19

 

 
IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have executed this Agreement 
to be effective as of the date and year first above written.
 
 


 
AIRCO 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company


 
 


 
By:          
                    
                    
                    
                    
         


 
Name: Chuck Kingsley


 
Its:       President


 
 


 
                        


 

MINNESOTA BANK & TRUST, a Minnesota state
banking corporation



 
 


 
By:          
                    
                    
                    
                    
         


 
Name: Eric P. Gundersen


 
Its:       Senior Vice President


 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Signature Page to Security Agreement]
 

 

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
 



I.


Financing Statements on File Listing Grantor or Any Predecessor in Title as Debtor



 



 


None.



 



II.


Location of Equipment and Inventory



 


 

1.


25233 E. Pinal Airpark Road, Suite 101, Marana, AZ 85653





 

2.


1853 S. Eisenhower Court, Wichita, KS 67209



 
 
 



III.


Prior Names within the last five years.



 



 


None.



 

 

 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
COMMERCIAL TORT CLAIMS
 
 
None.
 
 
 
 





EX-10.3
6
ex_300119.htm
EXHIBIT 10.3

ex_300119.htm

Exhibit 10.3
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS AND LICENSES SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS AND LICENSES SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Security Agreement”) is made effective as of the 28th day of October, 2020 by and between INTEST CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, (“Borrower”), AMBRELL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, INTEST SILICON VALLEY CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, INTEST EMS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TEMPTRONIC CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (collectively, the “Existing Guarantors”), and VIDEOLOGY IMAGING CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (“Videology” and together with the Existing Guarantors, individually and collectively, the “Guarantors” and together with Borrower, individually and collectively, jointly and severally, the “Assignor”) and M&T Bank (“Assignee”).
 
BACKGROUND
 
A.    Borrower,
 Existing Guarantors and Assignee are parties to that certain Amended 
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated of October 15, 2021, as 
amended by that certain Joinder and Amendment to Amended and Restated 
Loan and Security Agreement by and among Borrower, Guarantors and 
Assignee dated as of the date hereof (as it may be further amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”)
 and Existing Guarantors previously executed and delivered that certain 
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses Security Agreement dated as
 of April 10, 2020 in favor of Assignee (“Existing Security Agreement”).
 
B.    The Loan Agreement provides, inter alia,
 that Assignor grants to Assignee a security interest in all of 
Assignor’s assets, including, without limitation, its patents, patent 
rights, patent applications, servicemarks, trademarks, service trademark
 applications, service tradenames, goodwill, copyrights and licenses.
 
NOW THEREFORE,
 in consideration of the premises set forth herein and for other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged, Assignor agrees as follows:
 
1.    Incorporation of Loan Agreement.
 The Loan Agreement and the terms and provisions thereof are hereby 
incorporated herein in their entirety by this reference thereto. All 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
set forth in the Loan Agreement.
 
2.    Security Interests.
 
2.1    Security Interest. To
 secure the complete and timely payment and satisfaction of all 
Obligations, Assignor hereby assigns, mortgages and pledges to Assignee 
and grants to Assignee a security interest in, as and by way of a first 
mortgage and security interest having priority over all other security 
interests, with power of sale, to the extent permitted by law, all of 
such Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to all of the 
following, whether now owned or existing and filed or hereafter acquired
 or arising and filed (collectively with items named in section 2.2, below, the “Collateral”):
 



 





 



 
 
(a)    patents
 and patent applications, including, without limitation, the inventions 
and improvements described and claimed therein, and those patents listed
 on Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and 
made a part hereof, and (i) the reissues, divisions, continuations, 
renewals, extensions and continuations-in-part thereof, (ii) all income,
 royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable 
under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages 
and payments for past or future infringements thereof, (iii) the right 
to sue for past, present and future infringements thereof, and (iv) all 
rights corresponding thereto throughout the world (all of the foregoing 
patents and applications, together with the items described in clauses 
(i)-(iv), are sometimes hereinafter individually and/or collectively 
referred to as the “Patents”);
 
(b)    copyrights,
 copyright registrations, copyright applications and all computer 
programs, operating systems, application systems, hardware or software 
of any nature whatsoever owned by Assignor, whether operational, under 
development or inactive, including all object codes, source codes, 
modules, technical manuals, user manuals, operating instructions and 
procedures, in-put and out-put formats, program listings, narrative 
descriptions, program flow charts, file layouts, report layouts, screen 
layouts and other documentation therefor (including internal notes, 
memoranda, status evaluations, marketing information and write-ups), and
 all improvements, modifications, enhancements, new releases and 
revisions thereof, whether in machine-readable form, programming 
language or any other language or symbols, and whether stored, encoded, 
recorded or written on disk, tape, film, memory device, paper or other 
media of any nature; together with all tangible media upon which any of 
the foregoing are recorded or encoded, including, without limitation, 
all chips, disks, tapes, film and paper; including, without limitation, 
the copyrights, copyrights registrations and copyrights applications 
listed on Exhibit “C” attached hereto and 
made a part hereof, and (i) all renewals thereof, (ii) all income, 
royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due and/or payable 
with respect thereto, including, without limitation, damages and 
payments for past or future infringements thereof, and (c) the right to 
sue for past, present and future infringements thereof (all of the 
foregoing items are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the “Copyrights”); and
 
(c)    all
 material license agreements with any other party, whether Assignor is a
 licensor or licensee under any such license agreement, including, 
without limitation, the licenses listed on Exhibit “D”
 attached hereto and made a part hereof, and the right to prepare for 
sale, sell and advertise for sale all inventory now or hereafter owned 
by Assignor and now or hereafter covered by such licenses (all of the 
foregoing is hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Licenses”).
 
2.2    Security Interest.
 To secure the complete and timely payment and satisfaction of all 
Obligations, Assignor hereby mortgages and pledges to Assignee and 
grants to Assignee a security interest in, as and by way of a first 
mortgage and security interest having priority over all other security 
interests, with power of sale, to the extent permitted by law, all of 
such Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to all of the 
following, whether now owned or existing and filed or hereafter acquired
 or arising and filed (collectively with items named in section 2.1, above, the “Collateral”):
 
(a)    servicemarks,
 trademarks, servicemark and trademark registrations, tradenames, 
trademark applications, and all goodwill attendant thereto, including, 
without limitation, the servicemarks, trademarks, tradenames, 
registrations and applications listed on Exhibit “B”,
 attached hereto and made a part hereof, and (i) all renewals thereof, 
(ii) all income, royalties, damages and payments now and hereafter due 
and/or payable with respect thereto, including without limitation, 
damages and payments for past or future infringements thereof, (iii) the
 right to sue for past, present and future infringements thereof, and 
(iv) all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world (all of the 
foregoing servicemarks, trademarks, servicemark and trademark 
registrations, tradenames and applications together with the items 
described in clauses (i)-(iv), are sometimes hereinafter individually 
and/or collectively referred to as the “Trademarks”).
 



-2-





 



 
3.    Restrictions on Future Agreements.
 Assignor agrees that until all Obligations shall have been satisfied in
 full and the Loan Agreement shall have been terminated, Assignor will 
not, without Assignee’s prior written consent, enter into any agreement 
(including, without limitation, any license or royalty agreement) which 
is inconsistent with Assignor’s obligations under this Security 
Agreement or the Loan Agreement and Assignor further agrees that it will
 not take any action, or permit any action to be taken by others, 
subject to its control, including licensees, or fail to take any action,
 which would affect the validity or enforcement of the rights of 
Assignee under this Security Agreement.
 
4.    New Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses. Assignor represents and warrants that the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses listed on Exhibits “A”, “B”, “C” and “D”,
 respectively, constitute all of the patents, trademarks, copyrights, 
applications and licenses, now owned by Assignor. If, before all 
Obligations shall have been satisfied in full and the Loan Agreement 
shall have been terminated, Assignor shall (i) obtain rights to any new 
patentable inventions, trademarks, trademark registrations, tradenames, 
copyrights or licenses, or (ii) become entitled to the benefit of any 
patent, trademark or copyright application, trademark, trademark 
registration or license renewal, or patent for any reissue, division, 
continuation, renewal, extension, or continuation-in-part of any Patent 
or any improvement on any Patent, the provisions of Article 2
 above shall automatically apply thereto and Assignor shall give to 
Assignee prompt written notice thereof. Assignor hereby authorizes 
Assignee to modify this Security Agreement by amending Exhibit “A”, “B”, “C” and/or “D”,
 as applicable, to include any future patents, patent applications, 
trademarks, trademark registrations, trademark applications, tradenames,
 copyrights and licenses which are Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or 
Licenses, as applicable, under Article 2 above or under this Section 4.
 Assignor hereby agrees to provide to Assignee such assignment or other 
documentation as Assignee may request to record Assignee’s lien on such 
future Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or Licenses.
 
5.    Royalties; Term.
 Assignor hereby agrees that the use by Assignee of all Patents, 
Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses as described herein shall be 
worldwide and without any liability for royalties or other related 
charges from Assignee to Assignor. The term of the security interest 
granted herein shall extend until the earlier of (i) the expiration of 
each of the respective Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses 
assigned hereunder, or (ii) the date on which all Obligations has been 
paid in full and the Loan Agreement is terminated.
 
6.    Assignee’s Right to Inspect.
 Assignee shall, subject to any limitation in Section 10.6 of the Loan 
Agreement, have the right, at any time and from time to time, to inspect
 Assignor’s premises and to examine Assignor’s books, records and 
operations, including, without limitation, Assignor’s quality control 
processes. Assignor agrees that upon the occurrence and continuation of 
an Event of Default, Assignee, or a conservator appointed by Assignee, 
shall have the right to establish such additional reasonable product 
quality controls as Assignee, or said conservator, in its sole judgment,
 may deem necessary to assure maintenance of the quality of products 
sold by Assignor under the Trademarks. Assignor agrees (i) not to sell 
or assign its interest in, or grant any license under, the Patents, 
Trademarks, Copyrights or Licenses, outside of the ordinary course of 
business; (ii) to maintain the quality of any and all products in 
connection with which the Trademarks and/or Copyrights are used, 
consistent with quality of said products as of the date hereof; (iii) 
not to adversely change the quality of said products without Assignee’s 
express written consent; and (iv) to provide Assignee, upon request, 
with a certificate of an officer of Assignor certifying Assignor’s 
compliance with the foregoing.
 



-3-





 



 
7.    Termination.
 This Security Agreement is made for collateral purposes only. Upon 
payment in full of all Obligations and termination of the Loan 
Agreement, Assignee shall execute and deliver to Assignor a termination 
of Assignee’s security interest granted herein and all deeds, 
assignments and other instruments as may be necessary or proper to 
re-vest in Assignor full title to the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights 
and Licenses, subject to any disposition thereof which may have been 
made by Assignee pursuant hereto.
 
8.    Duties of Assignor.
 Assignor shall have the duty (i) to prosecute diligently any patent, 
trademark and copyright application pending as of the date hereof or 
thereafter until all Obligations shall have been paid in full and the 
Loan Agreement is terminated, (ii) to make application on unpatented but
 patentable inventions and on trademarks and copyrights, as appropriate,
 and (iii) to preserve and maintain all rights in patent applications 
and patents of the Patents, in trademark applications, trademarks and 
trademark registrations of the Trademarks and in copyright applications 
and copyrights of the Copyrights. Any expenses incurred in connection 
with such applications shall be borne by Assignor. Assignor shall not 
abandon any right to file a patent, trademark or copyright application, 
or any pending patent, trademark or copyright application or any Patent,
 Trademark, License or Copyright without the consent of the Assignee, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
9.    Event of Default.
 Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, 
as defined in the Loan Agreement, Assignee may, without further notice 
to or consent of Assignor, immediately record all assignments previously
 executed and delivered to Assignee by Assignor and/or execute and 
record with all applicable offices (including, without limitation, the 
Patent and Trademark Office) an absolute assignment to Assignee by 
Assignor of all rights, title and interest of Assignor in and to the 
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Licenses and other Collateral. Assignor
 hereby authorizes and agrees that Assignee may, through the power of 
attorney granted in Section 14 hereof, irrevocably execute
 and deliver in Assignor’s name any and all such assignments and 
agreements and to take any and all other actions in Assignor’s name as 
Assignee shall deem reasonable or appropriate to transfer and convey all
 right, title and interest of Assignor in and to the Collateral to 
Assignee or any other person or entity selected by Assignee.
 
10.    Assignee’s Right to Sue.
 Assignee shall have the right, but shall in no way be obligated, to 
bring suit in its own name to enforce the Patents, Trademarks, 
Copyrights and/or Licenses, and any licenses thereunder, and, if 
Assignee shall commence any such suit, Assignor shall, at the request of
 Assignee, do any and all lawful acts and execute any and all proper 
documents required by Assignee in aid of such enforcement and Assignor 
shall promptly, upon demand, reimburse and indemnify Assignee for all 
costs and expenses incurred by Assignee in the exercise of its rights 
under this Section 10.
 



-4-





 



 
11.    Waivers.
 No course of dealing between Assignor and Assignee, nor any failure to 
exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of Assignee, any 
right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Loan Agreement shall 
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of
 any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any 
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, 
power or privilege.
 
12.    Severability.
 The provisions of this Security Agreement are severable, and if any 
clause or provision shall be invalid and unenforceable in whole or in 
part in any jurisdiction, then such invalidity or unenforceability shall
 affect only such clause or provision, or part thereof, in such 
jurisdiction, and shall not in any manner affect such clause or 
provision in any other jurisdiction, or any other clause or provision of
 this Security Agreement in any jurisdiction.
 
13.    Modification. This Security Agreement cannot be altered, amended or modified in any way, except as specifically provided in Section 4 hereof or by a writing signed by the parties hereto.
 
14.    Cumulative Remedies; Power of Attorney; Effect on Loan Agreement.
 All of Assignee’s rights and remedies with respect to the Patents, 
Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses, whether established hereby or by 
the Loan Agreement, or by any other agreements or by law shall be 
cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Assignor 
hereby authorizes Assignee to make, constitute and appoint any officer 
or agent of Assignee as Assignee may select, in its sole discretion, as 
Assignor’s true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power to (i) endorse 
Assignor’s name on all applications, documents, papers and instruments 
necessary or reasonably desirable for the Assignee to protect, evidence,
 perfect or enforce its security interest in the Patents, Trademarks, 
Copyrights and Licenses, (ii) intentionally omitted, (iii) following an 
Event of Default, grant or issue any exclusive or non-exclusive license 
under the Patent or Trademark to anyone, including Assignee, and/or (iv)
 following an Event of Default, assign, pledge, convey or otherwise 
transfer title in or dispose of the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or 
Licenses to anyone, including Assignee. Assignee may act under such 
power of attorney to take the actions referenced in Section 4.
 Assignee hereby ratifies all that such attorney shall lawfully do or 
cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney shall be 
irrevocable until all Obligations shall have been paid in full and the 
Loan Agreement shall have been terminated. Assignor acknowledges and 
agrees that this Security Agreement is not intended to limit or restrict
 in any way the rights and remedies of Assignee under the Loan Agreement
 but rather is intended to facilitate the exercise of such rights and 
remedies given it by the terms of this Security Agreement, all rights 
and remedies allowed by law and the rights and remedies of a secured 
party under the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in any jurisdiction 
in which the Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or Licenses may be located.
 
15.    Binding Effect; Benefits.
 This Security Agreement shall be binding upon the Assignor and its 
successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of Assignee, its 
nominees, successors and assigns.
 



-5-





 



 
16.    Governing Law. This Security Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
 
17.    No Novation.
 This Security Agreement shall amend and restate, but not satisfy, the 
obligations of Existing Guarantors under the Existing Security 
Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a 
novation or satisfaction of the Existing Security Agreement, but the 
terms and conditions of this Security Agreement shall amend, restate, 
and supersede the terms and conditions of the Existing Security 
Agreement.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 

-6-

 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Security Agreement effective the day and year first above written.
 



 


BORROWER:


 



 
 
 


 
INTEST CORPORATION,
 


 
a Delaware corporation
 


 
 
 



 


 


 


 




 


By: 


/s/ Duncan Gilmour


 




 


Name:


Duncan Gilmour


 




 


Title:


Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer


 



 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
GUARANTORS:
 


 
 
 
 


 
AMBRELL CORPORATION,
 


 
a Delaware corporation
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
By:
/s/ Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Name:
Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Title:
Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
INTEST SILICON VALLEY CORPORATION,
 


 
a Delaware corporation
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
By:
/s/ Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Name:
Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Title:
Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
INTEST EMS, LLC,
 


 
a Delaware limited liability company
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
By:
/s/ Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Name:
Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Title:
Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 

-7-

 

 



 


TEMPTRONIC CORPORATION,


 



 
a Delaware corporation
 



 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 




 


By: 


/s/ Duncan Gilmour


 




 


Name:


Duncan Gilmour


 




 


Title:


Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary


 



 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
VIDEOLOGY IMAGING CORPORATION,
 


 
a Delaware corporation
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
By:
/s/ Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Name:
Duncan Gilmour
 


 
Title:
Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary
 


 

-8-

 

 



 


BANK:


 



 
 
 


 
M&T BANK
 



 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 




 


By: 


/s/ Steven A. Vilardi 


 




 


 


Steven A. Vilardi \, Vice President


 



 



-9-





 



 
 
EXHIBIT “A”
 
TO
 
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS
 
AND LICENSES SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Patents
 



Registered Owner


Patent Name


Registration Number


Date of Registration




inTEST Corporation


Method and apparatus for docking a test head with a peripheral


9,897,628


18-Sep-14




inTEST Corporation


Test head manipulator


9,557,371


6-May-08




inTEST Corporation


Test head manipulator


9,347,804


23-Feb-07




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioner system


9,134,387


17-Mar-08




inTEST Corporation


Positioner system and method of positioning


8.981,807


27-Jul-10




inTEST Corporation


Cradle and cable handler for a test head manipulator


8,763,962


17-Mar-08




inTEST Corporation


Test head docking system and method with sliding linkage


8,760,182


14-Jul-08




inTEST Corporation


Test head vertical support system


8,700,218


29-Dec-06




inTEST Corporation


Test head manipulator


8,618,822


23-Feb-07




inTEST Corporation


Wrist joint for positioning a test head


8,444,107


28-Jan-03




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioning system and method


8,350,584


29-Dec-06




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioner system


8,212,578


17-Mar-08




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioning system


8,141,834


10-Aug-06




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioning system and method


8,035,406


31-Mar-03




inTEST Corporation


Safety mechanism for materials handling system


7,845,607


18-Feb-03




inTEST Corporation


Modular interface


7,834,718


13-Dec-04




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioning system and method


7,728,579


31-Mar-03




inTEST Corporation


Modular interface


7,605,583


13-Jul-04




inTEST Corporation


Modular interface


7,605,582


13-Jul-04




inTEST Corporation


Computer cabinet


D585,662


20-Sep-07




inTEST Corporation


Test head docking system and method


7,466,122


16-Jul-01




inTEST Corporation


Apparatus and method for balancing and for providing a compliant range to a test head


7,340,972


22-Sep-00




inTEST Corporation


Modular interface


7,301,326


13-Jul-04




inTEST Corporation


Signal module


D554,594


22-Nov-06




inTEST Corporation


Signal module


D554,593


22-Nov-06




inTEST Corporation


Test head positioning system and method


7,235,964


31-Mar-03




inTEST Corporation


Signal module


D535,260


13-Jul-04




inTEST Corporation


Signal module


D528,989


13-Jul-04




inTEST Corporation


Test head docking system and method


7,109,733


16-Jul-01




inTEST Corporation


Apparatus and method for balancing and for providing a compliant range to a test head


7,084,358


20-Sep-01




inTEST Corporation


Side supports with adjustable center of gravity


6,975,105


20-Sep-00




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Apparatus for attachment of accessories to processing equipment


10,578,237


12-Aug-16



 



-10-





 



 


Registered Owner
Patent Name
Registration Number
Date of Registration



TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Temperature-controlled enclosures and temperature control system using the same


10,060,668


13-Mar-07




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Temperature system having an impurity filter


9,335,080


17-Oct-11




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Environmental test system and method eith in-situ temperature sensing of device under test (DUT)


8,602,641


2-May-13




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Temperature-controlled enclosures and temperature control system using the same


8,408,020


13-Mar-07




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Temperature-controlled enclosures and temperature control system using the same


7,629,533


13-Mar-07




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


High-flow cold air chiller (THERMONICS)


7,603,871


29-Jun-06




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Method and apparatus for latent temperature control for a device under test (SIGMA)


7,483,769


30-Jan-06




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Method and apparatus for latent temperature control for a device under test (SIGMA)


6,993,418


2-Aug-02




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Workpiece chuck with temperature control assemble having spacers between layers providing clearance for thermoelectric modules


6,886,347


10-Jul-03




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Workpiece chuck with temperature control assemble having spacers between layers providing clearance for thermoelectric modules


6,745,575


11-Jul-02




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Apparatus and method for controlling temperature in a device under test using integrated temperature sensing diode


6,552,561


20-Apr-01




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Apparatus and method for controlling temperature in a wafer using integrated temperature sensing diode


6,545,494


10-Jul-00




Ambrell Corp


Food heater


10,206,250


20-Apr-06




Ambrell Corp


Induction heating system


9,554,423


25-Oct-12




Ambrell Corp


Dynamic power balancing among multiple induction heater power units


9,439,246


15-Mar-13




Ambrell Corp


Power system component protection system for use with an induction heating system


9,167,631


25-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp


Food heater


9,000,335


21-Apr-06




Ambrell Corp


Induction heating systems and methods for producing an object having a varying hardness along the length of the object


8,803,047


14-Jun-12




Ambrell Corp


Portable food heater


8,481,893


28-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp


Power switching system to increase induction heating to a load from available AC mains power


8,331,115


15-Nov-07




Ambrell Corp


Automatic frequency compensation for pulse width modulated RF level control


8,283,985


25-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp


Constant phase angle control for frequency agile power switching systems


8,269,532


10-Aug-06



 



-11-





 



 


Registered Owner
Patent Name
Registration Number
Date of Registration



Ambrell Corp


High voltage full bridge circuit and method for operating the same


7,995,362


15-Jun-06




Ambrell Corp


Constant phase angle control for frequency agile power switching systems


7,906,997


10-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp


Radio frequency (RF) induction cooking food heater


7,829,827


21-Apr-06




Ambrell Corp


Portable food heater


7,804,045


28-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp


Power switching system to increase induction heating to a load from available AC mains power


7,787,268


15-Nov-07




Ambrell Corp


Automatic frequency compensation for pulse width modulated RF level control


7,626,463


25-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp, BASF Corp


Fast-drying, radiofrequency-activatable inkjet inks and methods and systems for their use


7,520,600


1-Nov-04




Ambrell Corp


Constant phase angle control for frequency agile power switching systems


7,551,011


10-Aug-06




Ambrell Corp


High voltage full bridge circuit and method for operating the same


7,489,530


15-Jun-05




Ambrell Corp


Electrode apparatus for stray field radio frequency heating


6,995,345


18-Mar-02




Ambrell Corp


Induction furnace for heating a workpiece in an inert atmosphere or vacuum


6,861,629


9-May-02



 
 
Patent Applications
 



Registered Owner


Patent Name


Application Number


Filing Date




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Temperature forcing system and method with conductive thermal probes


15/437861


21-Feb-17




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


System and method for device under test cooling using digital scroll compressor


15/947415


6-Apr-18




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


Apparatus and method for controlling temperature at multiple test sites


16/692334


22-Nov-19



 

-12-

 

 
EXHIBIT “B”
 
TO
 
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS
 
AND LICENSES SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Trademarks
 



Registered Owner


Mark


Registration Number


Date of Registration




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


TEMPTRONIC


3748381


Feb. 16, 2010




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


THERMONICS


4278707


Jan. 22, 2013




TEMPTRONIC Corporation





1094282


Jun. 27, 1978




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


THERMOJOGGER


1433671


Mar. 24, 1987




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


THERMO CHUCK


1197134


Jun. 8, 1982




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


THERMO STREAM


1085339


Feb. 14, 1984




TEMPTRONIC Corporation


THERMO SPOT


5261537


Aug. 5, 2017




inTEST Corporation


INTEST


2503999


Nov. 6, 2001




inTEST Corporation


inTEST


1268558


Feb. 28, 1984




inTEST Corporation


in2


1255204


Oct. 25, 1983




inTEST Corporation


CENTAUR


3657110


Jul. 21, 2009




inTEST Corporation


TRANSPAR


3635236


Jun. 9, 2009




Ambrell


EXPERIENCE THE EXCELLENCE


5101636


Dec. 13, 2016




Ambrell


EVIEW


4922677


Mar. 22, 2016




Ambrell


EKOHEAT


4751860


Jun. 9, 2015




Ambrell


EASYCOIL


4746013


Jun. 2, 2015




Ambrell


AMBRELL


4623638


Oct. 21, 2014




Ambrell


AMBRELL


3317193


Oct. 23, 2007




Ambrell


EKOHEAT


3526330


Nov. 4, 2008




Ambrell


AMERITHERM


2299340


Dec. 14, 1999




Ambrell





2301415


Dec. 21, 1999




Videology





85018528

 



Videology





78865148

 


 
 
Trademark Applications - None.
 

-13-

 

 
EXHIBIT “C”
 
TO
 
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS
 
AND LICENSES SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Copyrights
 
None.
 

-14-

 

 
 
EXHIBIT “D”
 
TO
 
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS
 
AND LICENSES SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Licenses
 
None.
 



-15-








EX-10.3
4
jksm_ex103.htm
FORM OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

jksm_ex103.htmEXHIBIT 10.3 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT THIS Intellectual property SECURITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of June 25, 2019, by Jacksam Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the “Grantor”), in favor of L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund, as agent (the “Agent”), for the benefit of the Secured Lenders referred to below. WHEREAS: A. Reference is made to that certain Security Agreement, dated the date hereof (the “Security Agreement”),
 entered into by and among the Grantor, the other “Guarantors” party 
thereto, the Agent and the other Secured Lenders (as defined in the 
Security Agreement), which secures certain now existing and future 
arising obligations owing to the Secured Lenders under the Transaction 
Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)), as 
provided in the Security Agreement; B. Pursuant to the Security Agreement and that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated the date hereof (the “Purchase Agreement”),
 entered into between the Grantor and the Secured Lenders, the Grantor 
is required to execute and deliver to the Agent this Agreement; C.
 Pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Grantor has 
granted to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Lenders, a security
 interest in substantially all the assets of the Grantor, including all 
right, title and interest of the Grantor in, the IP Collateral (as 
defined below); and D.
 Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the 
respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Transaction Documents (as 
defined in the Purchase Agreement).  NOW, THEREFORE,
 in consideration of the mutual agreements set forth herein and for good
 and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is 
hereby acknowledged, the Grantor hereby grants to the Agent, for the 
benefit of the Secured Lenders, to secure the Obligations (as defined in
 the Security Agreement), a continuing security interest in all of the 
Grantor’s right, title and interest in, to and under the following, 
whether presently existing or hereafter created or acquired: 1.
 Each United States and foreign trademark and trademark application, 
including, without limitation, each United States federally registered 
trademark and trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together with any extensions or renewals thereof and all goodwill associated therewith; 2. Each trademark license, including, without limitation, each trademark license listed in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, together with all goodwill associated therewith; 3.
 All products and royalties, fees, income, payments and other proceeds 
of the foregoing items 1 through 2, including, without limitation, any 
claim by the Grantor against third parties for past, present or future 
infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment 
of any trademark, including, without limitation, any trademark referred 
to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a trademark application referred to in Schedule 1 annexed hereto and any trademark licensed under any trademark license listed in Schedule 1 annexed hereto (items 1 through 3 being herein collectively referred to as the “Trademark Collateral”);  1   4.
 Each United States and foreign patent and patent application, 
including, without limitation, each United States federally registered 
patent and patent application referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with any reissues, continuations or extensions thereof and all goodwill associated therewith; 5. Each patent license, including, without limitation, each patent license listed in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, together with all goodwill associated therewith; 6.
 All products and royalties, fees, income, payments and other proceeds 
of the foregoing items 4 through 5, including, without limitation, any 
claim by the Grantor against third parties for past, present or future 
infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment 
of any patent, including, without limitation, any patent referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto, any trademark issued pursuant to a patent application referred to in Schedule 2 annexed hereto and any patent licensed under any patent license listed in Schedule 2 annexed hereto (items 4 through 6 being herein collectively referred to as the “Patent Collateral”); 7.
 If applicable, each United States and foreign copyright and copyright 
application, including, without limitation, each United States federally
 registered copyright and copyright application referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together with any extensions or renewals thereof and all goodwill associated therewith; 8. If applicable, each copyright license, including, without limitation, each copyright license listed in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, together with all goodwill associated therewith; 9.
 All products and royalties, fees, income, payments and other proceeds 
of the foregoing items 7 through 8, including, without limitation, any 
claim by the Grantor against third parties for past, present or future 
infringement, misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment 
of any copyright, including, without limitation, any copyright referred 
to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto, any copyright issued pursuant to a copyright application referred to in Schedule 3 annexed hereto and any copyright licensed under any copyright license listed in Schedule 3 annexed hereto (items 7 through 9 being herein collectively referred to as the “Copyright Collateral”;
 items 1 through 9 (i.e., the Trademark Collateral, the Patent 
Collateral and the Copyright Collateral) being herein collectively 
referred to as the “IP Collateral”). This
 security interest is granted in conjunction with the security interests
 granted to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Lenders, pursuant 
to the Security Agreement. The Grantor hereby acknowledges and affirms 
that the rights and remedies of the Agent with respect to the security 
interest in the IP Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set
 forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are 
incorporated by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.   2   The
 Grantor authorizes the Commissioner for Patents, the Commissioner for 
Trademarks, the Register of Copyrights and any other government 
officials to record and register this Agreement upon request by the 
Secured Lenders. The
 Grantor shall give the Agent prior written notice of no less than five 
(5) Business Days before filing any additional application for 
registration of any trademark and prompt notice in writing of any 
additional trademark registrations, patent registration or copyright 
registrations granted therefor after the date hereof. Without limiting 
the Grantor’s obligations under this paragraph, the Grantor hereby 
authorizes the Agent unilaterally to modify this Agreement by amending 
Schedules 1, 2, or 3 to include any future United States registered 
trademarks, patents, copyrights or applications therefor of the Grantor.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure to so modify this Agreement 
or to amend Schedules 1, 2, or 3 shall in any way affect, invalidate or 
detract from the Agent’s continuing security interest, for the benefit 
of the Secured Lenders, in all Collateral, whether or not listed on 
Schedule 1, 2, or 3. The
 Grantor hereby agrees that, anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, the Grantor shall assume full and complete 
responsibility for the prosecution, defense, enforcement or any other 
necessary or desirable actions in connection with its trademarks subject
 to the security interest hereunder. This
 Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by 
different parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so 
executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signature pages 
may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a 
single counterpart. This Agreement is a Transaction Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).  Any
 and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided 
hereunder by the parties hereto shall be provided in accordance with the
 notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.   3   This
 Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all 
questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and 
performance of this Agreement and all disputes arising hereunder shall 
be governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
 to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of 
the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the 
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New
 York. The parties hereto agree that all legal proceedings concerning 
the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as 
defined in the Purchase Agreement) shall be commenced in the state and 
federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan 
(the “New York Courts”). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the 
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with 
any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with 
respect to the enforcement of this Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), and hereby irrevocably 
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any 
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New 
York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue 
for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal 
service of process and consents to process being served in any such 
suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or 
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such
 party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase 
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and 
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in
 any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby 
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, 
any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby. No
 provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or 
amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an 
amendment, by the Grantor and the Agent, or, in the case of a waiver, by
 the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is 
sought.  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]  4   The
 Grantor has caused this Intellectual Property Security Agreement to be 
duly executed by its duly authorized officer thereunto as of the date 
first set forth above.  GRANTOR:     JACKSAM CORPORATION,a Nevada corporation    By: Name: Mark Adams   Title:Chief Executive Officer  Acknowledged: AGENT:  L1 CAPITAL GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND   By:Name: Title:    5 





EX-10.1
5
plx-20210824xex10d1.htm
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1​EXECUTION VERSIONAMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENTdated as ofAugust 24, 2021amongPROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.,as IssuerTHE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO,WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB,as Collateral AgentTHE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,as 2021 Notes TrusteeandTHE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A.,as 2024 Notes Trustee​​​​Table of Contents​PageSection 1.Definitions‌2Section 2.[Reserved.]‌8Section 3.Grant of Transaction Liens‌8Section 4.General Representations and Warranties‌10Section 5.Further Assurances; General Covenants‌12Section 6.Intellectual Property‌13Section 7.Investment Property‌14Section 8.Deposit Accounts‌15Section 9.[Reserved.]‌16Section 10.Commercial Tort Claims‌16Section 11.Transfer Of Record Ownership‌16Section 12.Right to Vote Securities‌17Section 13.[Reserved.]‌17Section 14.Remedies upon Event of Default‌17Section 15.Application of Proceeds‌19Section 16.Fees and Expenses; Indemnification‌19Section 17.Authority to Administer Collateral‌20Section 18.Limitation on Duty in Respect of Collateral‌20Section 19.General Provisions Concerning the Collateral Agent‌21Section 20.Termination of Transaction Liens; Release of Collateral‌22Section 21.Additional Grantors‌23Section 22.[Reserved.]‌23Section 23.Notices‌23Section 24.No Implied Waivers; Remedies Not Exclusive‌23Section 25.Successors and Assigns‌23Section 26.Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers‌23Section 27.Choice of Law‌24Section 28.Submission to Jurisdiction‌24Section 29.Waiver of Jury Trial‌24Section 30.Severability‌24Section 31.Counterparts‌24​​i​​​SCHEDULES:​Schedule 1Equity Interests in Subsidiaries and Affiliates Owned by Original Grantors​Schedule 2Other Investment Property Owned by Original Grantors​Schedule 3Material Commercial Tort Claims​Schedule 4Other Secured ObligationsEXHIBITS:​Exhibit ASecurity Agreement Supplement​Exhibit BCopyright Security Agreement​Exhibit CPatent Security Agreement​Exhibit DTrademark Security Agreement​Exhibit EPerfection Certificate​Exhibit FIssuer Control Agreement​​​ii​​​AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENTThis AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of August 24, 2021 (the “Effective Date”), among Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc., as issuer (the “Issuer”),
 the Guarantors (as defined below) party hereto, Wilmington Savings Fund
 Society, FSB, as the collateral agent (in such capacity, together with 
its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the “Collateral Agent”),
 and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee under 
the 2021 Notes Indenture (as defined below) (in such capacity, together 
with its successors and permitted assigns in such capacity, the “2021 Notes Trustee”)
 and as Trustee under the 2024 Notes Indenture (as defined below) (in 
such capacity, together with its successors and permitted assigns in 
such capacity, the “2024 Notes Trustee”, and the 2024 Notes Trustee, together with the 2021 Notes Trustee, the “Trustee”).WHEREAS,
 (i) pursuant to the Indenture dated as of December 7, 2016 among the 
Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto, the 2021 Notes Trustee, and the 
Collateral Agent (as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, 
dated July 24, 2017, the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 
27, 2017, and the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of the date 
hereof, and as further supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or 
extended from time to time, the “2021 Notes Indenture”), the Issuer issued its 7.50% secured convertible notes due 2021 (the “2021 Notes”),
 and the Guarantors have guaranteed the 2021 Notes and (ii) pursuant to 
the Indenture dated as of the date hereof among the Issuer, the 
Guarantors party thereto, the 2024 Notes Trustee, and the Collateral 
Agent (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or extended from time
 to time, the “2024 Notes Indenture” and, together with the 2021 Notes Indenture, the “Indentures” and, each, an “Indenture”), the Issuer  has or will issue, on the Effective Date, its 7.50% secured convertible notes due 2024 (the “2024 Notes” and, together with the 2021 Notes, the “Notes”), and the Guarantors have or will guarantee the 2024 Notes on and after the Effective Date;WHEREAS,
 the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent entered into that 
certain Security Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2016 (as 
supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or extended prior to the date 
hereof, the “Existing Security Agreement”) in order to secure the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ obligations under the 2021 Notes Indenture;WHEREAS,
 the Issuer and the Guarantors desire to amend and restate the Existing 
Security Agreement as set forth herein in order to secure the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantors’ obligations under the Indentures by granting Liens 
on their respective assets to the Collateral Agent as provided herein;WHEREAS,
 the Collateral Agent has agreed to act as agent for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties in connection with the transactions contemplated by the 
Indentures and this Agreement; andWHEREAS,
 upon any foreclosure or other enforcement action as provided herein, 
the net proceeds of the relevant Collateral are to be received by or 
paid over to the Collateral Agent and applied as provided herein;1​​NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Security 
Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows:Section 1.  Definitions.(a)Terms Defined in Indentures.  Terms defined in each Indenture and not otherwise defined in this Agreement have, as used herein, the respective meanings provided for therein.  The rules of construction specified in Section 1.03 of each Indenture also apply to this Agreement.(b)Terms Defined in UCC.  As used herein, each of the following terms has the meaning specified in the UCC:TermUCC​​Account9-102Authenticate9-102Certificated Security8-102Chattel Paper9-102Commercial Tort Claim9-102Commodity Account9-102Commodity Customer9-102Deposit Account9-102Document9-102Equipment9-102Financial Asset8-102 & 103Fixtures9-102General Intangibles9-102Goods9-102Instrument9-102Inventory9-102Investment Property9-102Letter-of-Credit Right9-102Money1-201Record9-102Securities Account8-501Security8-102 & 103Security Entitlement8-102Supporting Obligation9-102Uncertificated Security8-102​(c)Additional Definitions.  The following additional terms, as used herein, have the following meanings:2​​“2021 Holders” has the meaning given to the term “Holders” under the 2021 Notes Indenture.“2021 Note Documents” has the meaning given to the term “Note Documents” under the 2021 Notes Indenture.“2021 Note Obligations” has the meaning given to the term “Obligations” under the 2021 Notes Indenture.“2021 Notes Secured Parties” means the 2021 Notes Trustee, the 2021 Holders and the Collateral Agent.“2024 Holders” has the meaning given to the term “Holders” under the 2024 Notes Indenture.“2024 Note Documents” has the meaning given to the term “Note Documents” under the 2024 Notes Indenture.“2024 Note Obligations” has the meaning given to the term “Obligations” under the 2024 Notes Indenture.“2024 Notes Secured Parties” means the 2024 Notes Trustee, the 2024 Holders and the Collateral Agent.“Acting Noteholders”
 means, at any time, (i) the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the 2021 Notes then outstanding, and (ii) the 
Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 
Notes then outstanding, voting as a single class.“Collateral” has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)(xiv).“Control” has the meaning specified in UCC Section 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106 or 9-107, as may be applicable to the relevant Collateral.“Controlled Deposit Account”
 means a Deposit Account (i) that is subject to a Deposit Account 
Control Agreement or (ii) as to which the Collateral Agent is the 
Depositary Bank’s “customer” (as defined in UCC Section 4-104).“Copyright License”
 means any agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to any 
Grantor, or pursuant to which any Grantor grants to any other Person, 
any right to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works,
 display or publish any records or other materials on which a Copyright 
is in existence or may come into existence, including any agreement 
identified in Schedule 1 to any Copyright Security Agreement.“Copyrights”
 means all the following: (i) all copyrights under the laws of the 
United States or any other country (whether or not the underlying works 
of authorship have been published), all registrations and recordings 
thereof, all copyrightable works of authorship (whether or not 
published), and all applications for copyrights under the laws of the 
United 3​​States
 or any other country, including registrations, recordings and 
applications in the United States Copyright Office or in any similar 
office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other 
country or any political subdivision thereof, including those described 
in Schedule 1 to any Copyright Security Agreement, (ii) all renewals of 
any of the foregoing, (iii) all claims for, and rights to sue for, past 
or future infringements of any of the foregoing and (iv) all income, 
royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with 
respect to any of the foregoing, including damages and payments for past
 or future infringements thereof.“Copyright Security Agreement”
 means a Copyright Security Agreement, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B, executed and delivered by a Grantor in favor of the 
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.“Deposit Account Control Agreement”
 means, with respect to any Deposit Account of any Grantor, a Deposit 
Account Control Agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to the 
Collateral Agent among such Grantor, the Collateral Agent and the 
relevant Depositary Bank.“Depositary Bank” means a bank at which a Controlled Deposit Account is maintained.“Equity Interest”
 means Capital Stock; provided, however, that “Equity Interests” does 
not include any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable 
for, (x) Capital Stock or (b) Capital Stock and/or cash based on the 
value of such Capital Stock).“Grantors” means the Issuer and the Guarantors.“Guarantors” has the meaning set forth in each Indenture.“Holder” or “Holders” means the 2021 Holders and the 2024 Holders.“IIA Approval”
 means the approval of the Israel Innovation Authority granted in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Note Documents.“IIA-Funded Know-How”
 means the Intellectual Property forming part of the Collateral that was
 developed with the support of the Israeli Innovation Authority, 
including any rights derived therefrom.“IIA Restrictions” means the following restrictions under Israeli law:(a)the
 grant of a security interest in any IIA-Funded Know-How will require 
and will be subject to the approval of the Israeli Innovation Authority 
and to the execution and delivery by the Israeli Security Trustee on 
behalf of the Holders, as applicable, of an undertaking towards the 
Israeli Innovation Authority, in the form requested by the Israeli 
Innovation Authority, prior to the creation of such security interest;(b)any
 enforcement of a security interest in IIA-Funded Know-How, including 
the sale, assignment or license of the IIA-Funded Know-How and its 
transfer within the framework of enforcement procedures under the Note 
Documents, will require 4​​and
 be subject to the approval of the Israeli Innovation Authority and to 
the conditions of the IIA Approval and the provisions of the Research 
Law; and(c)any
 enforcement of a security interest in IIA-Funded Know-How will be 
subject to the receipt of an undertaking of the grantee, potential buyer
 or any other transferee to assume the applicable obligations in respect
 of such IIA-Funded Know-How in accordance with the Research Law and in 
accordance with the terms of the program pursuant to which grants were 
provided to the applicable Israeli Grantor.“Indenture” has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.“Intellectual Property”
 means any and all intellectual property and proprietary rights of any 
Grantor of every kind and nature now owned or hereafter acquired by any 
Grantor, including inventions, designs, Patents, Copyrights, Licenses, 
Trademarks, trade secrets, confidential or proprietary technical and 
business information, know-how, improvements, data, software and 
databases and all embodiments or fixations thereof and related 
documentation, registrations and applications for registrations, and all
 additions, improvements and accessions to, and books and records 
describing or used in connection with, any of the foregoing.“Intellectual Property Filing”
 means (i) with respect to any Patent, Patent License, Trademark or 
Trademark License, the filing of the applicable Patent Security 
Agreement or Trademark Security Agreement with the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office, together with an appropriately completed 
recordation form, and (ii) with respect to any Copyright or Copyright 
License, the filing of the applicable Copyright Security Agreement with 
the United States Copyright Office, together with an appropriately 
completed recordation form, in each case sufficient to record the 
Transaction Lien granted to the Collateral Agent in such Intellectual 
Property.“Intellectual Property Security Agreement” means a Copyright Security Agreement, a Patent Security Agreement or a Trademark Security Agreement.“Israeli Grantor”
 means Protalix Ltd., a limited company organized under the laws of the 
State of Israel, and each other Grantor that is organized under the laws
 of the State of Israel.“Israeli Innovation Authority”
 means the Israeli National Authority for Technological Innovation 
(formerly known as the Office of the Chief Scientist of the Israeli 
Ministry of the Economy), or any successor governmental authority.“Israeli Security Trustee” means Altshuler Shaham Trusts Ltd., in its capacity as Security Trustee under the Israeli law governed Security Documents.“Issuer Control Agreement” means an Issuer Control Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit F.“License”
 means any Patent License, Trademark License, Copyright License or other
 license or sublicense agreement relating to Intellectual Property to 
which any Grantor is a party.5​​“Material Commercial Tort Claim” means a Commercial Tort Claim involving a claim for more than $500,000.“Note Documents” means the 2021 Note Documents and the 2024 Note Documents.“Officer”
 means the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman, the Chief Executive
 Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, any Executive Vice
 President, any Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Chief 
Accounting Officer, the Treasurer or the Secretary of the Issuer or any 
Guarantor, as applicable.“Officers’ Certificate” means a written certificate signed in the name of the Grantor by any two Officers, and delivered to the Collateral Agent.“Opinion of Counsel”
 means a written opinion of legal counsel (who may be counsel to a 
Grantor or other counsel, in either case satisfactory to the Collateral 
Agent) addressed and delivered to the Collateral Agent.“Original Grantor” means any Grantor that grants a Lien on any of its assets hereunder on the Effective Date.“own”
 refers to the possession of sufficient rights in property to grant a 
security interest therein as contemplated by UCC Section 9-203, and “acquire” refers to the acquisition of any such rights.“Patent License”
 means any agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to any 
Grantor, or pursuant to which any Grantor grants to any other Person, 
any right with respect to any Patent or any invention, whether 
patentable or not, now or hereafter in existence, including any 
agreement identified in Schedule 1 to any Patent Security Agreement.“Patents”
 means (i) all patents of the United States or any other country and all
 applications for patents of the United States or any other country, 
including applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office 
or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State 
thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, 
including those described in Schedule 1 to any Patent Security 
Agreement, (ii) all reissues, reexaminations, divisions, continuations, 
continuations-in-part, revisions and extensions of any of the foregoing,
 (iii) all claims for, and rights to sue for, past or future 
infringements of any of the foregoing and (iv) all income, royalties, 
damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect to any
 of the foregoing, including damages and payments for past or future 
infringements thereof.“Patent Security Agreement”
 means a Patent Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit
 C, executed and delivered by a Grantor in favor of the Collateral Agent
 for the benefit of the Secured Parties.“Perfection Certificate”
 means, with respect to any Grantor, a certificate substantially in the 
form of Exhibit E, completed and supplemented with the schedules 
contemplated thereby, and signed by an officer of such Grantor.6​​“Permitted Liens”
 means (i) the Transaction Liens and (ii) any other Liens on the 
Collateral permitted to be created or assumed or to exist pursuant to 
Section 4.16 of each Indenture.“Personal Property Collateral” means all property included in the Collateral except Real Property Collateral.“Pledged”, when used in conjunction with any type of asset, means at any time an asset of such type that is included (or that creates rights that are included) in the Collateral at such time.  For example, “Pledged Equity Interest” means an Equity Interest that is included in the Collateral at such time.“Post-Petition Interest”
 means any interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, 
proceeding or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency or 
reorganization of any one or more of the Grantors (or would accrue but 
for the operation of applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws), whether 
or not such interest is allowed or allowable as a claim in any such 
proceeding.“Proceeds”
 means all proceeds of, and all other profits, products, rents or 
receipts, in whatever form, arising from the collection, sale, lease, 
exchange, assignment, licensing or other disposition of, or other 
realization upon, any Collateral, including all claims of the relevant 
Grantor against third parties for loss of, damage to or destruction of, 
or for proceeds payable under, or unearned premiums with respect to, 
policies of insurance in respect of, any Collateral, and any 
condemnation or requisition payments with respect to any Collateral.“Real Property Collateral” means all real property (including leasehold interests in real property) included in the Collateral.“Recordable Intellectual Property”
 means (i) any Patent registered with the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office, and any Patent License with respect to a Patent so 
registered, (ii) any Trademark registered with the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office, and any Trademark License with respect to a 
Trademark so registered, (iii) any Copyright registered with the United 
States Copyright Office and any Copyright License with respect to a 
Copyright so registered and (iv) all rights in, to or under any of the 
foregoing.“Research Law”
 means the Israeli Encouragement of Research, Development and 
Technological Innovation in Industry Law, 5744-1984 and the regulations,
 rules, circulars and guidelines promulgated or published thereunder.“Required Secured Parties”
 means, at any time, (i) the Holders of more than 50% in aggregate 
principal amount of the 2021 Notes then outstanding, and (ii) the 
Holders of more than 50% in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes
 then outstanding, voting as a single class.“Secured Agreement”,
 when used with respect to any Secured Obligation, refers collectively 
to each instrument, agreement or other document that sets forth 
obligations of the Issuer, obligations of a guarantor and/or rights of 
the holder with respect to such Secured Obligation.7​​“Secured Obligations”
 means (i) all the principal of, premium on, if any, and interest on 
(including Post-Petition Interest) all Notes outstanding from time to 
time under the Indentures and (ii) all other amounts now or hereafter 
payable by the Issuer or any Guarantor pursuant to the Note Documents 
(including, without limitation, in respect of the Notes Guarantees), in 
each case, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now 
existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that 
accrue after the commencement by or against the Issuer and/or any 
Guarantor of any proceeding under any debtor relief law naming the 
Issuer and/or any Guarantor as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless
 of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such 
proceeding.“Secured Parties” means the 2021 Notes Secured Parties and the 2024 Notes Secured Parties.“Security Agreement Supplement”
 means a Security Agreement Supplement, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A, signed and delivered to the Collateral Agent for the purpose 
of adding a Subsidiary as a party hereto pursuant to Section 21 and/or 
adding additional property to the Collateral.“Trademark License”
 means any agreement now or hereafter in existence granting to any 
Grantor, or pursuant to which any Grantor grants to any other Person, 
any right to use any Trademark, including any agreement identified in 
Schedule 1 to any Trademark Security Agreement.“Trademarks”
 means: (i) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names,
 business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks,
 logos, brand names, domain names, rights of publicity, trade dress, 
prints and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear,
 package and other designs, and all other source or business 
identifiers, and all general intangibles of like nature, and the rights 
in any of the foregoing which arise under applicable law, (ii) the 
goodwill of the business symbolized thereby or associated with each of 
them, (iii) all registrations and applications for registration in 
connection therewith, including registrations and applications in the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or 
agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or 
any political subdivision thereof, including those described in Schedule
 1 to any Trademark Security Agreement, (iv) all renewals of any of the 
foregoing, (v) all claims for, and rights to sue for, past or future 
infringements of any of the foregoing and (vi) all income, royalties, 
damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect to any
 of the foregoing, including damages and payments for past or future 
infringements thereof.“Trademark Security Agreement”
 means a Trademark Security Agreement, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit D, executed and delivered by a Grantor in favor of the 
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.“Transaction Liens” means the Liens granted by the Grantors under this Agreement.“Trustees” means the 2021 Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee.“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the 8​​priority
 of any Transaction Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform 
Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than New York, 
“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time 
in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof 
relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or 
priority.Section 2.  [Reserved.]Section 3.  Grant of Transaction Liens.(a)The
 Issuer and each Guarantor, in order to secure the payment or 
performance of the Secured Obligations grants to the Collateral Agent 
for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties a security interest in 
all of the right, title and interests of the Issuer or such Guarantor, 
as the case may be, in, to, and under the following property, whether 
now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and regardless of
 where located:(i)all Accounts;(ii)all Chattel Paper;(iii)all Money and Deposit Accounts;(iv)all Documents;(v)all Equipment;(vi)all
 General Intangibles (including, without limitation, any Equity 
Interests in other Persons that do not constitute Investment Property);(vii)all Instruments;(viii)all Inventory;(ix)all Investment Property;(x)the Commercial Tort Claims described in Schedule 3 (as such Schedule may be supplemented from time to time);(xi)all Letter-of-Credit Rights;(xii)all Intellectual Property;(xiii)all Goods not otherwise described above;(xiv)such
 Grantor’s ownership interest in (1) its Controlled Deposit Accounts, 
(2) all Financial Assets credited to its Controlled Deposit Accounts 
from time to time and all Security Entitlements in respect thereof, (3) 
all cash held in its Controlled Deposit Accounts from time to time and 
(4) all other money in the possession of the Collateral Agent; 9​​(xv)all
 books and records (including customer lists, credit files, computer 
programs, printouts and other computer materials and records) of such 
Grantor pertaining to any or all of the foregoing; and(xvi)to
 the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds of the Collateral 
described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (xv) (all of the above, 
the “Collateral”);provided that the following property (collectively, the “Excluded Assets”) is excluded from the foregoing security interests: (A) motor vehicles the perfection of a security interest in which is excluded from the Uniform Commercial Code in the relevant jurisdiction, (B) any United States “intent-to-use” Trademark application prior to the filing of a “Statement of Use” or “Amendment to Allege Use” with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impact the validity or enforceability of such application under applicable federal law, (C) any permit or license or any contractual obligation entered into by a Grantor that prohibits or requires the consent of any Person other than the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries as a condition to the creation by such Grantor of a Lien on any right, title or interest in such permit, license or contractual agreement, except to the extent such prohibition or consent requirement is ineffective under applicable law, (D) any property to the extent that the grant of a security interest therein is prohibited by any applicable law or regulation, requires a consent not obtained of any governmental authority pursuant to any applicable law or regulation, or is prohibited by, or constitutes a breach or default under or results in the termination of or requires any consent not obtained under, any contract, license, agreement, instrument or other document evidencing or giving rise to such property or, in the case of any Investment Property, any applicable shareholder or similar agreement, except to the extent that such law or regulation or the term in such contract, license, agreement, instrument or other document or shareholder or similar agreement providing for such prohibition, breach, default or termination or requiring such consent is ineffective under applicable law and (E) those assets as to which the Collateral Agent and the Issuer shall reasonably determine, in writing, that the cost or other consequence of obtaining a lien thereon or perfection thereof are excessive in relation to the benefit to the Secured Parties of the security to be afforded thereby.  Each Grantor shall upon request of the Collateral Agent use all reasonable efforts to obtain any such required consent that is reasonably obtainable.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the parties acknowledge and agree that the “Collateral” of any Israeli Grantor shall only include Intellectual Property registered in the United States of America; provided that in respect of any such Collateral constituting IIA-Funded Know-How, the creation of any security interest over such Collateral and any enforcement thereof shall be (x) subject to the IIA Restrictions (including the Research Law and the IIA Approval) and (y) separately governed by the laws of the State of Israel and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Israeli courts.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any other Note Document to the contrary, in no event shall the Collateral Agent be deemed to have been granted a security interest in, nor shall the Collateral Agent have any obligations with respect to or liability in connection with, any Collateral constituting IIA-Funded Know-How Collateral.  In furtherance of, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in no event shall the Collateral Agent have any obligations with respect to, or liability for, any Collateral governed by the laws of the State of Israel and/or located (and in the case of any Intellectual Property constituting Collateral, registered) in the State of Israel.10​​(b)With
 respect to each right to payment or performance included in the 
Collateral from time to time, the Transaction Lien granted therein 
includes a continuing security interest in (i) any Supporting Obligation
 that supports such payment or performance and (ii) any Lien that (x) 
secures such right to payment or performance or (y) secures any such 
Supporting Obligation.(c)The
 Transaction Liens are granted as security only and shall not subject 
the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to, or transfer or in 
any way affect or modify, any obligation or liability of any Grantor 
with respect to any of the Collateral or any transaction in connection 
therewith.Section 4.  General Representations and Warranties.  Each Grantor represents and warrants that:(a)Such
 Grantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under 
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as 
applicable.(b)With respect to each Original Grantor, Schedule 1 lists all Equity Interests in Subsidiaries and Affiliates owned by such Grantor as of the Effective Date.  Such Grantor holds all such Equity Interests directly (i.e., not through a Subsidiary, a Securities Intermediary or any other Person).(c)With
 respect to each Original Grantor, Schedule 2 lists, as of the Effective
 Date, (i) all Securities owned by such Grantor (except Securities 
evidencing Equity Interests in Subsidiaries and Affiliates) and (ii) all
 Securities Accounts to which Financial Assets are credited in respect 
of which such Grantor owns Security Entitlements.(d)All Pledged Equity Interests owned by such Grantor are owned by it free and clear of any Lien other than (i) the Transaction Liens and (ii) any Permitted Liens.  All shares of capital stock of wholly-owned Subsidiaries of a Grantor organized in the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia included in such Pledged Equity Interests (including shares of capital stock in respect of which such Grantor owns a security entitlement) have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.(e)Such
 Grantor has good and marketable title to all its Collateral (subject to
 exceptions that are, in the aggregate, not material), free and clear of
 any Lien other than Permitted Liens.(f)On
 and after the Effective Date, no Collateral owned by such Grantor will 
be in the possession or under the Control of any other Person having a 
claim thereto or security interest therein, other than a Permitted Lien.(g)The
 Transaction Liens on all Personal Property Collateral owned by such 
Grantor (i) have been validly created, (ii) will attach to each item of 
such Collateral on the Effective Date (or, if such Grantor first obtains
 rights thereto on a later date, on such later date) and (iii) when so 
attached, will secure all the Secured Obligations or such Grantor’s Note
 Guarantees, as the case may be.11​​(h)Such Grantor has delivered a Perfection Certificate to the Collateral Agent.  With respect to each Original Grantor, information set forth therein is correct and complete in all material respects as of the Effective Date.(i)When UCC financing statements have been filed in the offices specified in such Perfection Certificate, the Transaction Liens will constitute perfected security interests in the Personal Property Collateral owned by such Grantor to the extent that a security interest therein may be perfected by filing pursuant to the UCC, prior to all Liens and rights of others therein except Permitted Liens.  When, in addition to the filing of such UCC financing statements, the applicable Intellectual Property Filings have been made with respect to such Grantor’s Recordable Intellectual Property (including any future filings required pursuant to Sections 5(a) and 6(a)), the Transaction Liens will constitute perfected security interests in all right, title and interest of such Grantor in its Recordable Intellectual Property to the extent that security interests therein may be perfected by such filings, prior to all Liens and rights of others therein except Permitted Liens.  Except for (i) the filing of such UCC financing statements, (ii) the filing, in the case of any Israeli Grantor, of this Agreement with the Israeli Registrar of Companies and (iii) such Intellectual Property Filings, no registration, recordation or filing with any governmental body, agency or official is required in connection with the execution or delivery of this Agreement or is necessary for the validity or enforceability thereof or for the perfection or due recordation of the Transaction Liens or for the enforcement of the Transaction Liens.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Israeli Grantor shall be required to perfect any security interest or Transaction Lien, or record any notice thereof, in any Intellectual Property registered in any jurisdiction other than Intellectual Property registered in the United States of America.(j)As
 of the date hereof, Schedules 11(a), 11(b) and 11(c) to the Perfection 
Certificate set forth a true and accurate list of (i) all registrations 
of and applications for Patents, Trademarks, and Copyrights owned by any
 Grantor and (ii) all Copyright Licenses pursuant to which any Grantor 
is granted an exclusive license to one or more registered United States 
Copyrights that are identified in such Copyright License.(k)With respect to all Intellectual Property listed on Schedules 11(a), 11(b) and 11(c) to the Perfection Certificate that is owned by a Grantor, such Grantor is the owner of the entire right, title, and interest in and to such Intellectual Property that is material to the conduct of its business or otherwise of material value, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens).  To the knowledge of such Grantor, such Grantor, in all material respects, owns or is validly licensed to use all other Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens).(l)All
 registrations and applications for Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks 
included in the Collateral, in all material respects, are standing in 
the name of a Grantor and are subsisting and in full force and effect, 
and to such Grantor’s knowledge, valid and enforceable.(m)No
 holding, decision, or judgment has been rendered in any action or 
proceeding against any Grantor before any court, administrative or other
 governmental authority, challenging the validity or enforceability of 
any Intellectual Property included in the Collateral and material to the
 conduct of any Grantor’s business or otherwise of material value, or 
such 12​​Grantor’s
 right to register, own or use such Intellectual Property, and no such 
action or proceeding against such Grantor is pending or, to the 
Grantors’ knowledge, threatened in writing.(n)With respect to each Copyright License, Trademark License, Patent License, and  License of trade secrets to which any Grantor is a party: (i) such agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Grantor and represents the entire agreement between the respective licensor and licensee with respect to the subject matter of such license; (ii) such Grantor has not received any written notice of termination or cancellation under such license; (iii) such Grantor has not received any written notice of a breach or default under such license, which breach or default has not been cured; and (iv) such Grantor is not in breach or default in any material respect, and no event has occurred that, with notice and/or lapse of time, would constitute such a breach or default or otherwise permit termination, modification or acceleration under such agreement.(o)Each
 Grantor has taken commercially reasonable steps to protect in all 
material respects: (i) the confidentiality of all Intellectual Property 
owned by such Grantor the value of which to such Grantor is contingent 
upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof and (ii) its interest in 
its material Intellectual Property owned by such Grantor.Section 5.  Further Assurances; General Covenants.  So long as any of the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) remain unsatisfied, each Grantor covenants as follows:(a)such
 Grantor will, from time to time, at the Issuer’s expense, execute, 
deliver, file and record any statement, assignment, instrument, 
document, agreement or other paper and take any other action (including 
any Intellectual Property Filing) that from time to time may be 
necessary or commercially reasonable, or that the Collateral Agent may 
reasonably request, in order to:(i)create, preserve, perfect, confirm or validate the Transaction Liens on such Grantor’s Collateral;(ii)in
 the case of Pledged Deposit Accounts, Pledged Investment Property and 
Pledged Letter-of-Credit Rights, cause the Collateral Agent to have 
Control thereof;(iii)enable the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties to obtain the contractual benefits of this Agreement; or(iv)enable
 the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce any of its rights, powers 
and remedies with respect to any of such Grantor’s Collateral.Such Grantor authorizes the Collateral Agent, without any obligation, to execute and file such financing statements or continuation statements in such jurisdictions with such descriptions of collateral (including as the Collateral is specifically described herein or “all assets”, “all personal property” or “all assets whether now owned or hereinafter acquired” or other words of similar effect) and other information set forth therein as the Collateral Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable for the purposes set forth in the preceding sentence.  Each Grantor also ratifies its authorization for the Collateral Agent to file in any such jurisdiction any initial 13​​financing statements or amendments thereto if filed prior to the date hereof.  The Collateral Agent is further authorized to file with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office (or any successor office or any similar office in any other country) such documents as may be necessary or advisable for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the security interests granted by each Grantor, without the signature of any Grantor, and naming any Grantor or the Grantors as debtors and the Collateral Agent as secured party.  The Issuer will pay the actual and documented costs of, or reasonably incidental to, any Intellectual Property Filings and any recording or filing of any financing or continuation statements or other documents recorded or filed pursuant hereto.(b)such
 Grantor will not (i) change its name or organizational form or 
structure, (ii) change its location (determined as provided in UCC 
Section 9-307) or (iii) become bound, as provided in UCC Section 9 
203(d) or otherwise, by a security agreement entered into by another 
Person, unless it shall have given the Collateral Agent prior notice 
thereof and, in the case of clause (iii), only to the extent doing so is
 not prohibited by the Notes Documents.(c)such
 Grantor will, promptly upon request, provide to the Collateral Agent 
all information and evidence concerning such Grantor’s Collateral that 
the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time to enable 
it to enforce the provisions of this Agreement.(d)the
 Grantors shall (i) each year, at the time of delivery of annual 
financial statements with respect to the preceding fiscal year pursuant 
to Section 4.03 of each Indenture, deliver to the Collateral Agent an 
updated Perfection Certificate signed by an officer of each Grantor and 
(ii) not later than 15 calendar days following the end of each fiscal 
quarter, deliver to the Collateral Agent updated Schedules 11(a), (b) 
and (c) of the Perfection Certificate.Section 6.  Intellectual Property.  Each Grantor covenants as follows:(a)if such Grantor, at any time after the date hereof, obtains any ownership or other rights in and to any additional Intellectual Property, then the provisions of this Agreement shall automatically apply thereto and any such Intellectual Property shall automatically constitute Collateral and shall be subject to the security interest created by this Agreement, without further action by any party (except as expressly set forth in Section 3 hereof).  Further, Schedules 11(a), 11(b) and 11(c) to the Perfection Certificate shall be amended or deemed to be amended to include any applications or registrations for Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights included in the Collateral (but the failure to so amend shall not be deemed to affect the Collateral Agent’s security interest in or lien upon such Intellectual Property).(b)on the Effective Date (in the case of an Original Grantor) or the date on which it signs and delivers its first Security Agreement Supplement (in the case of any other Grantor), such Grantor will sign and deliver to the Collateral Agent Intellectual Property Security Agreements with respect to all Recordable Intellectual Property then owned by it.  Such Grantor will also promptly make and execute all other Intellectual Property Filings necessary to record, not later than 30 calendar days following the end of each fiscal quarter, the Transaction Liens on such Recordable Intellectual Property in connection with any Intellectual Property over which the Collateral Agent does not have a perfected Lien.14​​(c)such
 Grantor will notify the Collateral Agent promptly if it knows that any 
registration or application for registration relating to any material 
Recordable Intellectual Property owned or licensed by it may become 
abandoned or dedicated to the public, or of any adverse determination or
 development (including the institution of, or any adverse determination
 or development in, any proceeding in the United States Copyright 
Office, the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any court) 
regarding such Grantor’s ownership of or right to use such Recordable 
Intellectual Property, its right to register or patent the same, or its 
right to keep and maintain the same.(d)such
 Grantor shall not take any act or omit to take any commercially 
reasonable act whereby any material Intellectual Property included in 
the Collateral may be abandoned, forfeited, dedicated to the public, 
invalidated, lapse or materially impaired in any way other than in the 
ordinary course of business or as consistent with such Grantor’s past 
practice.(e)such
 Grantor shall not grant any exclusive license to any third party of any
 material Intellectual Property included in the Collateral that would 
materially detract from the value of the Collateral (taking into account
 the value of the license as well) or materially interfere with the 
ordinary course of business of any Grantor, other than in the ordinary 
course of business.(f)such
 Grantor shall take all actions reasonably necessary or advisable, or 
otherwise reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, to maintain and 
pursue each application, to obtain the relevant registration and to 
maintain the registration of each of the Recordable Intellectual 
Property (now or hereafter existing) material to the conduct of such 
Grantor’s business, including the filing of applications for renewal, 
affidavits of use and, if consistent with good business judgment, to 
initiate opposition, interference, inter partes and post-grant review 
proceedings against third parties.(g)upon
 the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at 
the written request of the Collateral Agent, each Grantor shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all requisite consents or 
approvals by the licensor of each Copyright License, Patent License, 
Trademark License or any other License under which such Grantor is a 
licensee to effect the assignment of all such Grantor’s right, title and
 interest thereunder to the Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of
 the Secured Parties, or its designee.Section 7.  Investment Property.  Each Grantor represents, warrants and covenants as set forth in this Section 7.(a)Certificated Securities.  On the Effective Date (in the case of an Original Grantor) or the date on which it signs and delivers its first Security Agreement Supplement (in the case of any other Grantor), such Grantor will deliver to the Collateral Agent as Collateral hereunder all certificates representing Pledged Certificated Securities then owned by such Grantor.  Thereafter, whenever such Grantor acquires any other certificate representing a Pledged Certificated Security, such Grantor will promptly deliver such certificate to the Collateral Agent as Collateral hereunder.15​​(b)Uncertificated Securities.  On the Effective Date (in the case of an Original Grantor) or the date on which it signs and delivers its first Security Agreement Supplement (in the case of any other Grantor), such Grantor will enter into (and cause the relevant issuer to enter into) an Issuer Control Agreement in respect of each Pledged Uncertificated Security then owned by such Grantor and deliver such Issuer Control Agreement to the Collateral Agent (which, if satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, shall enter into the same).  Thereafter, whenever such Grantor acquires any other Pledged Uncertificated Security, such Grantor will enter into (and cause the relevant issuer to enter into) an Issuer Control Agreement in respect of such Pledged Uncertificated Security and deliver such Issuer Control Agreement to the Collateral Agent (which, if satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, shall enter into the same).(c)Perfection as to Certificated Securities.  When such Grantor delivers the certificate representing any Pledged Certificated Security owned by it to the Collateral Agent and complies with Section 13(h) in connection with such delivery, (i) the Transaction Lien on such Pledged Certificated Security will be perfected, subject to no prior Liens or rights of others, (ii) the Collateral Agent will have Control of such Pledged Certificated Security, and (iii) the Collateral Agent will be a protected purchaser (within the meaning of UCC Section 8-303) thereof.(d)Perfection as to Uncertificated Securities.  When such Grantor, the Collateral Agent and the issuer of any Pledged Uncertificated Security owned by such Grantor enter into an Issuer Control Agreement with respect thereto, (i) the Transaction Lien on such Pledged Uncertificated Security will be perfected, subject to no prior Liens or rights of others, (ii) the Collateral Agent will have Control of such Pledged Uncertificated Security, and (iii) the Collateral Agent will be a protected purchaser (within the meaning of UCC Section 8-303) thereof.(e)Delivery of Pledged Certificates.  All certificates representing Pledged Certificated Securities, when delivered to the Collateral Agent, will be in suitable form for transfer by delivery, or accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment in blank, with signatures appropriately guaranteed (to the extent required by applicable law).(f)Certification of Limited Liability Company and Partnership Interests.  To the extent any interest in a limited liability company or partnership organized in the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and controlled by any Grantor that is required to be pledged pursuant to the terms hereof or pursuant to the terms of each Indenture is certificated or becomes certificated, each such certificate shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 7(a) and such Grantor shall fulfill all other requirements under Section 7 applicable in respect thereof.Section 8.  Deposit Accounts.  (a)Each
 Grantor represents, warrants and covenants that, on and after the date 
on which Deposit Account Control Agreements have been entered into:(i)Subject
 to the following clause (b), all cash owned by such Grantor will be 
deposited, upon or promptly after the receipt thereof, in one or more 
Controlled 16​​Deposit
 Accounts, other than (i) non U.S. Deposit Accounts and (ii) Deposit 
Accounts exclusively used for (A) payroll, payroll taxes and other 
employee wage and benefit payments to or for any Grantor’s or its 
Subsidiaries’ employees, (B) health-savings accounts and worker’s 
compensation accounts, (C) trust accounts (to the extent no funds are 
held therein other than amounts held therein in trust in the ordinary 
course of business on behalf of third parties that are not Grantors or 
Affiliates of Grantors) and (D) zero balance accounts used in the 
ordinary course of business (collectively, the accounts described in 
this clause (ii), “Excluded Deposit Accounts”);(ii)in
 respect of each Controlled Deposit Account, the Depositary Bank’s 
jurisdiction (determined as provided in UCC Section 9-304) will at all 
times be a jurisdiction in which Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial 
Code is in effect; and(iii)so
 long as the Collateral Agent has Control of a Controlled Deposit 
Account, the Transaction Lien on such Controlled Deposit Account will be
 perfected, subject to no prior Liens other than Permitted Liens.(b)Materiality Exception.  The Grantors have the right not to comply with the provisions of Section 8(a) with respect to Deposit Accounts having total collected balances, together with any cash not held in a Deposit Account, that do not, at any time, exceed $500,000 in the aggregate for all Grantors.Section 9. [Reserved.]Section 10.  Commercial Tort Claims.  Each Grantor represents, warrants and covenants as follows:(a)in
 the case of an Original Grantor, Schedule 3 accurately describes, with 
the specificity required to satisfy Official Comment 5 to UCC Section 
9-108, each Material Commercial Tort Claim with respect to which such 
Original Grantor is the claimant as of the Effective Date, and, in the 
case of any other Grantor, Schedule 3 to its first Security Agreement 
Supplement will accurately describe, with the specificity required to 
satisfy said Official Comment 5, each Material Commercial Tort Claim 
with respect to which such Grantor is the claimant as of the date on 
which it signs and delivers such Security Agreement Supplement; and(b)If
 any Grantor acquires a Material Commercial Tort Claim after the 
Effective Date (in the case of an Original Grantor) or the date on which
 it signs and delivers its first Security Agreement Supplement (in the 
case of any other Grantor), such Grantor will promptly sign and deliver 
to the Collateral Agent a Security Agreement Supplement granting a 
security interest in such Commercial Tort Claim (which shall be 
described therein with the specificity required to satisfy said Official
 Comment 5) to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties.Section 11.  Transfer Of Record Ownership.  At any time when an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent may (and to the extent that action by it is required, the relevant Grantor, if reasonably directed to do so by the Collateral Agent, will as promptly as practicable) cause each of the Pledged Securities (or any portion thereof specified in such direction) to be transferred of record into the name of the Collateral Agent or its nominee.  17​​Each Grantor will take any and all actions reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to facilitate compliance with this Section.  If the provisions of this Section are implemented, Section 7(b) shall not thereafter apply to any Pledged Security that is registered in the name of the Collateral Agent or its nominee.  The Collateral Agent will promptly give to the relevant Grantor copies of any notices and other communications received by the Collateral Agent with respect to Pledged Securities registered in the name of the Collateral Agent or its nominee.Section 12.  Right to Vote Securities.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent will have the exclusive right to the extent permitted by law to vote, to give consents, ratifications and waivers and to take any other reasonable action with respect to the Pledged Investment Property and the other Pledged Equity Interests, with the same force and effect as if the Collateral Agent were the absolute and sole owner thereof, and each Grantor will take all such reasonable action as necessary or as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time to give effect to such right.Section 13. [Reserved.]Section 14.  Remedies upon Event of Default.  (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under either Indenture, the Collateral Agent may exercise (or cause or permit its sub­agents to exercise) any or all of the remedies available to it (or to such sub-agents) under this Agreement.(b)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent may exercise on behalf of the Secured Parties all the rights of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not in effect in the jurisdiction where such rights are exercised) or other applicable law or in equity with respect to any Personal Property Collateral and, in addition, the Collateral Agent may, without being required to give any notice, except as herein provided or as may be required by mandatory provisions of law, sell or otherwise dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any exchange, broker’s board or at any of the Collateral Agent’s offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, at such time or times and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as may be commercially reasonable, irrespective of the impact of any such sales on the market price of the Collateral.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Collateral Agent (by or through an acquisition vehicle) or any other Secured Party or any of their respective Affiliates may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Collateral at any such sale and shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold, assigned or licensed at any such sale, to use and apply all or any part of the Secured Obligations owed to such person as a credit on account of the purchase price of any Collateral payable by such person at such sale.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Agent (by or through an acquisition vehicle), at the written direction of the Required Secured Parties, may credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (excluding any Secured Obligations owed to the Collateral Agent, the 2021 Notes Trustee or the 2024 Notes Trustee) in order to purchase any or all of the Collateral at such sale.  Upon any sale of Collateral by the Collateral Agent (including pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a judicial proceeding), the receipt of the Collateral Agent or of the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers shall not 18​​be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid to the Collateral Agent or such officer or be answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof.  Each purchaser, assignee, licensee or recipient at any such sale shall acquire the property sold, assigned or licensed absolutely free from any claim or right on the part of any Grantor, and each Grantor hereby waives (to the fullest extent permitted by law) all rights of redemption, stay and/or appraisal that it now has or may at any time in the future have under any law or statute now existing or hereafter enacted.  The Collateral Agent shall not be obliged to make any sale of Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given.  The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, upon ten (10) days’ prior written notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Grantor hereby waives any claim against any Secured Party arising because the price at which any Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price that might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not offer such Collateral to more than one offeree.  The Collateral Agent may disclaim any warranty, as to title or as to any other matter, in connection with such sale or other disposition, and its doing so shall not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of such sale or other disposition.(c)If the Collateral Agent sells any of the Collateral upon credit, the Grantors will be credited only with payment actually made by the purchaser, received by the Collateral Agent and applied in accordance with Section 15 hereof.  In the event any purchaser fails to pay for the Collateral it has purchased or purported to purchase, the Collateral Agent may resell the same, subject to the same rights and duties set forth herein.(d)Notice of any such sale or other disposition shall be given to the relevant Grantor(s) as (and if) required by Section 17.(e)At
 any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
 Default, upon the written demand of the Collateral Agent, each Grantor 
shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent an assignment or 
assignments, in favor of the Collateral Agent or its designee, of such 
Grantor’s right, title, and interest in, to and under the Intellectual 
Property included in the Collateral in recordable form as applicable, 
and such other documents as are necessary or appropriate to carry out 
the intent and purposes hereof.(f)For
 the purpose of enabling the Collateral Agent to exercise rights and 
remedies under this Agreement at such time as the Collateral Agent shall
 be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, each Grantor
 hereby grants to the Collateral Agent an unlimited irrevocable, 
worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up license and sublicense to use, 
license or sublicense any of the Collateral consisting of Intellectual 
Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor to make, have 
made, use, sell, copy, distribute, perform, make derivative works, 
publish, and exploit in any other manner for which an authorization from
 the owner of such Intellectual Property would be required under 
applicable law, provided that the applicable Grantor shall have such rights of quality control and inspection which are reasonably necessary under applicable law to maintain the validity and enforceability of Trademarks included in the Collateral.  The use of such license by the Collateral Agent may be exercised only upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default; provided, however, 19​​that
 any license, sublicense or other transaction entered into by the 
Collateral Agent in accordance herewith shall be binding upon each 
Grantor notwithstanding any subsequent cure of an Event of Default.(g)The
 foregoing provisions of this Section shall not apply to Real Property 
Collateral other than Fixtures as to which such provisions shall apply 
to the extent such Fixtures are governed by Article 9 of the UCC.Section 15.  Application of Proceeds.  (a)Any
 cash held in the Controlled Deposit Accounts and the proceeds of any 
sale or other disposition of all or any part of the Collateral shall be 
applied in the following order (it being agreed that the Collateral 
Agent shall apply such amounts in the following order as promptly as is 
reasonably practicable after the receipt thereof; provided that such 
amounts shall not be so applied until such time as the amount of the 
Secured Obligations has been determined in accordance with the terms 
hereof and under the terms of the respective Indentures, including and 
subject to Section 15(b) below):(i)FIRST,
 ratably to the Collateral Agent, the 2021 Notes Trustee, the 2024 Notes
 Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys for amounts due under
 the Note Documents, including payment of all compensation, expenses, 
indemnities and liabilities incurred by the Collateral Agent, the 2021 
Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee and the costs and expenses of 
collection;(ii)SECOND,
 ratably to the 2021 Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee for 
payment of the Secured Obligations owing under the 2021 Notes Indenture 
and the 2024 Notes Indenture, respectively, in accordance with Section 
6.11 of the applicable Indenture; and(iii)THIRD, the balance, if any, to the Company or to such other party as a court of competent jurisdiction directs.(b)Promptly after receipt of any amounts referred to in Section 15(a) above, the Collateral Agent shall provide notice to the 2021 Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee. Within five (5) Business Days of the receipt of such notice, the 2021 Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee shall each give the Collateral Agent written notice of any amounts due and unpaid on the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price for, accrued and unpaid interest on, and any consideration (including any Make-Whole Premium) due upon the conversion of, the 2021 Notes and the 2024 Notes, respectively. Unless otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Collateral Agent shall use the information provided for in such confirmations as the basis for applying such cash in accordance with Section 15(a) above.  Absent receipt of such information from the Trustees and unless otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Collateral Agent shall not be required to make any distributions contemplated by Section 15(a) unless and until such information is provided by the Trustees and the Collateral Agent shall incur no liability for any such inaction; provided however, that if the 2021 Notes Trustee or the 2024 Notes Trustee shall fail or refuse reasonably promptly to provide such requested information, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to make 20​​any such determination or not make any determination by such method as it may, in the exercise of its good faith judgment, determine, including by reliance upon a certificate of the Issuer, and shall incur no liability therefor. The Collateral Agent may rely conclusively, and shall be fully protected in so relying, on any determination made by it in accordance with the provisions of the preceding sentence (or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction) and shall have no liability to the Issuer or any Guarantor, any Secured Party or any other person as a result of such determination or any inaction as a result of not timely receiving such information from the 2021 Notes Trustee, the 2024 Notes Trustee or the Issuer.Section 16.  Fees and Expenses; Indemnification.  (a) The Issuer and the Guarantors will jointly and severally forthwith upon demand pay to the Collateral Agent:(i)the
 amount of any taxes that the Collateral Agent may have been required to
 pay by reason of the Transaction Liens or to free any Collateral from 
any other Lien thereon;(ii)the
 amount of any and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses,
 including transfer taxes and reasonable fees and expenses of counsel 
and other experts, that the Collateral Agent may incur in connection 
with (x) the administration or enforcement of this Agreement, including 
such expenses as are incurred to preserve the value of the Collateral or
 the validity, perfection, rank or value of any Transaction Lien, (y) 
the collection, sale or other disposition of any Collateral or (z) the 
exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights or powers under 
this Agreement or any other Note Document;(iii)the
 amount of any fees that the Issuer shall have agreed in writing to pay 
to the Collateral Agent and that shall have become due and payable in 
accordance with such written agreement; and(iv)the
 amount required to indemnify the Collateral Agent for, or hold it 
harmless and defend it against, any loss, liability, claim, damage, 
injuries, penalties, action, suits, judgments, costs or expense 
(including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and any 
experts or sub-agents appointed by it hereunder) incurred or suffered by
 the Collateral Agent in connection with this Agreement or the other 
Note Documents, except to the extent that such loss, liability or 
expense arises from the Collateral Agent’s gross negligence or willful 
misconduct as determined by a final judgment issued by a court of 
competent jurisdiction no longer subject to appeal or review.(b)If
 any transfer tax, documentary stamp tax or other tax is payable in 
connection with any transfer or other transaction provided for in this 
Agreement, the Issuer will pay such tax and provide any required tax 
stamps to the Collateral Agent or as otherwise required by law.(c)The
 Issuer shall indemnify each of the Secured Parties, their respective 
affiliates and the respective directors, officers, agents and employees 
of the foregoing (each an “Indemnitee”)
 against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all 
liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind (including 
reasonable expenses of investigation by engineers, environmental 
consultants and similar technical personnel and reasonable fees and 21​​disbursements of counsel) arising out of, or in connection with any and all Environmental Liabilities.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor waives all rights for contribution and all other rights of recovery with respect to liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses arising under or related to Environmental Laws that it might have by statute or otherwise against any Indemnitee.(d)The
 obligations of the Issuer under this Section 16 shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement and/or any resignation or removal of the 
Collateral Agent.Section 17. Authority to Administer Collateral.(a)Each
 Grantor irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent its true and lawful 
attorney, with full power of substitution, in the name of such Grantor, 
any Secured Party or otherwise, for the sole use and benefit of the 
Secured Parties, but at the Issuer’s expense, to the extent permitted by
 law to exercise, at any time and from time to time while an Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all or any of the 
following powers with respect to all or any of such Grantor’s 
Collateral:(i)to demand, sue for, collect, receive and give acquittance for any and all monies due or to become due upon or by virtue thereof,(ii)to settle, compromise, compound, prosecute or defend any action or proceeding with respect thereto,(iii)to
 sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of the same or the proceeds 
or avails thereof, as fully and effectually as if the Collateral Agent 
were the absolute owner thereof, and(iv)to extend the time of payment of any or all thereof and to make any allowance or other adjustment with reference thereto;provided that, except in the case of Personal Property Collateral that is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, the Collateral Agent will give the relevant Grantor at least ten days’ prior written notice of the time and place of any public sale thereof or the time after which any private sale or other intended disposition thereof will be made.  Any such notice shall (i) contain the information specified in UCC Section 9-613, (ii) be Authenticated and (iii) be sent to the parties required to be notified pursuant to UCC Section 9-611(c); provided
 that, if the Collateral Agent fails to comply with this sentence in any
 respect, its liability for such failure shall be limited to the 
liability (if any) imposed on it as a matter of law under the UCC.(b)The
 foregoing provisions of this Section shall not apply to Real Property 
Collateral other than Fixtures as to which such provisions shall apply 
to the extent such Fixtures are governed by Article 9 of the UCC.Section 18.  Limitation on Duty in Respect of Collateral.  Beyond the exercise of reasonable care in the custody and preservation thereof, the Collateral Agent will have no duty as to any Collateral in its possession or control or in the possession or control of any sub-agent or 22​​bailee or any income therefrom or as to the preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining thereto.  To the extent that applicable law imposes duties on the Collateral Agent to exercise remedies in a commercially reasonable manner, the Issuer and each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it is commercially reasonable for the Collateral Agent (a) to fail to incur expenses reasonably deemed significant by the Collateral Agent to prepare Collateral for disposition or otherwise to complete raw material or work in process into finished goods or other finished products for disposition, (b) to fail to obtain third party consents for access to Collateral to be disposed of, or to obtain or, if not required by other law, to fail to obtain governmental or third party consents for the collection or disposition of Collateral to be collected or disposed of, (c) to fail to exercise collection remedies against Persons obligated on Collateral or to remove Liens or encumbrances on or any adverse claims against Collateral, (d) to exercise collection remedies against any other Persons obligated on Collateral directly or through the use of collection agencies and other collection specialists, (e) to advertise dispositions of Collateral through publications or media of general circulation, whether or not the Collateral is of a specialized nature, (f) to contact other Persons, whether or not in the same business as the Issuer or any Guarantor, for expressions of interest in acquiring all or any portion of the Collateral, (g) to hire one or more professional auctioneers to assist in the disposition of Collateral, whether or not the collateral is of a specialized nature, (h) to dispose of Collateral by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the types included in the Collateral or that have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets, (i) to dispose of assets in wholesale rather than retail markets, (j) to disclaim disposition warranties, including, without limitation, any warranties of title, (k) to purchase insurance or credit enhancements to insure the Collateral Agent against risks of loss, collection or disposition of Collateral, or to provide to the Collateral Agent a guaranteed return from the collection or disposition of Collateral or (l) to the extent deemed reasonable and appropriate by the Collateral Agent, to obtain the services of brokers, investment bankers, consultants and other professionals to assist the Collateral Agent in the collection or disposition of any of the Collateral.  The Issuer and each Guarantor acknowledges that the purpose of this Section 18 is to provide non-exhaustive indications of what actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent would be commercially reasonable in the Collateral Agent’s exercise of remedies against the Collateral and that other actions or omissions by the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed commercially unreasonable solely on account of not being specifically referred to in this Section 18.  Without limitation upon the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 18 shall be construed to grant any rights to the Issuer or any Guarantor or to impose any duties on the Collateral Agent that would not have been granted or imposed by this Agreement or by applicable law in the absence of this Section 18.Section 19. General Provisions Concerning the Collateral Agent.(a)The provisions of Article 14 of each Indenture shall inure to the benefit of the Collateral Agent and shall be binding upon all Grantors and all Secured Parties, in connection with this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) the Collateral Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Collateral Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, and (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for any failure to disclose, any information relating to any Grantor that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Collateral 23​​Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.  The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the existence, genuineness or value of any Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of any Transaction Lien, whether impaired by operation of law or by reason of any action or omission to act on its part under this Agreement.  The Collateral Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Collateral Agent by the Issuer or a Secured Party.(b)Information as to Secured Obligations and Actions by Secured Parties.   Upon the written request of the Collateral Agent, the 2021 Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee shall promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days) give the Collateral Agent written notice of any amounts due and unpaid on the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or the Redemption Price for, accrued and unpaid interest on, and any consideration (including any Make-Whole Premium) due upon the conversion of, the 2021 Notes and the 2024 Notes, respectively; provided however, that if the 2021 Notes Trustee or the 2024 Notes Trustee shall fail or refuse reasonably promptly to provide such requested information, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to make any such determination or not make any determination by such method as it may, in the exercise of its good faith judgment, determine, including by reliance upon a certificate of the Issuer, and shall incur no liability therefor. The Collateral Agent may rely conclusively, and shall be fully protected in so relying, on any determination made by it in accordance with the provisions of the preceding sentence (or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction) and shall have no liability to the Issuer or any Guarantor, any Secured Party or any other person as a result of such determination or any inaction as a result of not timely receiving such information from the 2021 Notes Trustee, the 2024 Notes Trustee or the Issuer.(c)Refusal to Act.  The Collateral Agent may refuse to act on any notice, consent, direction or instruction from any Secured Parties or any agent or similar representative thereof that, in the Collateral Agent’s opinion, (i) is contrary to law or the provisions of this Agreement or any other Note Document, (ii) may expose the Collateral Agent to liability, financial or otherwise (unless the Collateral Agent shall have been indemnified, to its reasonable satisfaction, for such liability by the Secured Parties that gave such notice, consent, direction or instruction), (iii) is contrary to any law or regulation or (iv) is unduly prejudicial to Secured Parties not joining in such notice, consent, direction or instruction.(d)In
 addition to any rights, protections, immunities and indemnities 
afforded to the Collateral Agent herein, the Collateral Agent shall be 
afforded the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities that are 
afforded to it under each Indenture.(e)Notwithstanding
 anything contained in this Agreement or any other Note Documents to the
 contrary, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty to act, consent or 
request any action of any Person (including, without limitation, in 
respect of any remedies or enforcement actions) unless the Collateral 
Agent shall have received written direction from the Issuer (prior to 
the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default under either 
Indenture) or the Trustees (acting solely pursuant to the instructions 
from the Required Secured Parties) and indemnity satisfactory to it 
against any liabilities that may be incurred by it in connection 
therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Collateral Agent receives 
direction from more than one party, the 24​​direction of the Trustees (acting solely pursuant to the instructions from the Required Secured Parties) shall take priority.(f)The
 Collateral Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Issuer, in 
writing, at least 30 days prior to the proposed resignation. The 
Required Secured Parties may remove the Collateral Agent by notifying 
the Collateral Agent, in writing, at least thirty (30) days prior to the
 proposed removal. At any time, in the case of the Required Secured 
Parties, or, so long as no Event of Default has occurred under either 
Indenture and is continuing, the Company, may remove the Collateral 
Agent if:(i)the Collateral Agent is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent(ii)a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Collateral Agent or its property; or (iii)the Collateral Agent otherwise becomes incapable of acting.If
 the Collateral Agent resigns or is removed by the Issuer or the 
Required Secured Parties, or if a vacancy exists in the office of 
Collateral Agent for any reason (the Collateral Agent in such event 
being referred to herein as the retiring Collateral Agent), then the 
Required Secured Parties may appoint a successor Collateral Agent (with,
 so long as no Event of Default has occurred under either Indenture, the
 consent of the Issuer (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed)).A
 successor Collateral Agent will deliver a written acceptance of its 
appointment to the retiring Collateral Agent and to the Issuer. 
Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Collateral Agent 
will become effective, and the successor Collateral Agent will have all 
the rights, powers and duties of the Collateral Agent under each of the 
Indentures and the other Note Documents. The successor Collateral Agent 
will send a notice of its succession to Holders of the Notes, the 2021 
Notes Trustee and the 2024 Notes Trustee. The retiring Collateral Agent 
will, upon payment of all of its costs and the costs of its agents and 
counsel, promptly transfer all property held by it as Collateral Agent 
to the successor Collateral Agent, subject to the lien provided for in 
connection with the payment obligations of the Issuer to the Collateral 
Agent.If
 a successor Collateral Agent does not take office within thirty (30) 
days after the retiring Collateral Agent resigns or is removed, the 
retiring Collateral Agent, the Issuer or the Acting Noteholders may 
petition, at the expense of the Issuer, any court of competent 
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent.Notwithstanding
 the replacement of the Collateral Agent, the Issuer’s payment 
obligations, including with respect to indemnification obligations, to 
the Collateral Agent under this Agreement and the other Note Documents 
will continue for the benefit of the retiring Collateral Agent.If
 the Collateral Agent consolidates with, merges or converts into, or 
transfers all or substantially all its corporate trust business or 
assets to, another corporation or banking association, the resulting, 
surviving or transferee corporation or banking association without any 
further act will be the successor Collateral Agent.25​​Section 20.  Termination of Transaction Liens; Release of Collateral.   The Transaction Liens granted by the Issuer and the Guarantors, with respect to the applicable Notes, shall terminate pursuant to Section 14.10 of the Indenture governing such Notes.Section 21.  Additional Grantors.  Any Subsidiary may become a party hereto by signing and delivering to the Collateral Agent a Security Agreement Supplement, whereupon such Subsidiary shall become a “Grantor” as defined herein.Section 22. No Discharge. This Agreement shall not discharge or release the obligations of any Person party to the Existing Security Agreement (or any other Notes Document as defined in the 2021 Notes Indenture) or discharge or release any security under the Existing Security Agreement (or any other Notes Document as defined in the 2021 Notes Indenture).  Nothing herein contained is intended by the parties to be, or shall be, construed as a substitution or novation of the instruments, documents and agreements securing the Secured Obligations under the 2021 Notes and the 2021 Note Documents, which shall remain in full force and effect.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a release or other discharge of the Issuer or any Guarantor from any of its obligations and liabilities under the 2021 Note Documents, all of which are continued on the terms set forth in the 2021 Notes Indenture and the other 2021 Note Documents.Section 23.  Notices.  Each notice, request or other communication given to any party hereunder shall be given in accordance with Section 15.02 of each Indenture, and in the case of any such notice, request or other communication to a Grantor other than the Issuer, shall be given to it in care of the Issuer.Section 24.  No Implied Waivers; Remedies Not Exclusive.  No failure on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising and no course of dealing with respect to, any right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party of any such right or remedy under any Note Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy.  The rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law.Section 25.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement is for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties.  If all or any part of any Secured Party’s interest in any Secured Obligation is assigned or otherwise transferred, the transferor’s rights hereunder, to the extent applicable to the obligation so transferred, shall be automatically transferred with such obligation.  This Agreement shall be binding on the Grantors and their respective successors and assigns.Section 26.  Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended, modified or terminated except in accordance with Article 9 of each Indenture or as set forth in Section 21.26​​Section 27.  Choice of Law.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York, except as otherwise required by mandatory provisions of law and except to the extent that remedies provided by the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York are governed by the laws of such jurisdiction.Section 28. Submission to Jurisdiction.  Each of the Issuer and the other Grantors: (a) agrees that any suit, action or proceeding against it arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be instituted in any U.S. federal court with applicable subject matter jurisdiction sitting in The City of New York; (b) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and any claim that any suit, action or proceeding in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum; and (c) submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding.Section 29.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  EACH PARTY HERETO WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.Section 30.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in order to carry out the intentions of the parties thereto as nearly as may be possible and (ii) the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision in such jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction.Section 31.  Counterparts; Electronic Execution.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic image-scan transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes.  Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words “delivery,” “execution,” “execute,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of 27​​assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Collateral Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.Section 32. References.  Upon satisfaction and discharge by the payment in full of the 2021 Note Obligations or 2024 Note Obligations, as applicable, all references herein to Holders, Indentures, Note Documents, Notes, Secured Obligations or Trustees shall be construed to refer only to the Holders, Indentures, Note Documents, Notes, Secured Obligations or Trustees that correspond to the Notes that remain outstanding.Section 33.The Trustees.(a)The
 parties hereby acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is executed 
and delivered by the 2021 Notes Trustee solely at the direction of the 
2021 Holders, and that the 2021 Notes Trustee shall be entitled to all 
of the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities set forth in the 
2021 Notes Indenture, as if specifically set forth herein.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the 2021 Notes Trustee 
shall not be obligated to take any discretionary action or exercise any 
discretionary rights or powers, including any obligation to provide any 
consents, directions, determinations, acceptances, rejections or other 
similar actions (including any notifications to the Collateral Agent) 
pursuant to this Agreement unless it shall have first been so directed 
by the requisite percentage of the 2021 Holders in accordance with the 
terms of the 2021 Notes Indenture and this Agreement, and the 2021 Notes
 Trustee shall have no liability for taking any such actions in 
accordance with such directions and shall not be liable for any failure 
or delay in taking such actions resulting from any failure or delay by 
such parties in providing such directions.(b)The
 parties hereby acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is executed 
and delivered by the 2024 Notes Trustee solely at the direction of the 
2024 Holders, and that the 2024 Notes Trustee shall be entitled to all 
of the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities set forth in the 
2024 Notes Indenture, as if specifically set forth herein.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the 2024 Notes Trustee 
shall not be obligated to take any discretionary action or exercise any 
discretionary rights or powers, including any obligation to provide any consents, directions, determinations, acceptances, rejections or other similar actions (including any notifications to the Collateral Agent) pursuant to this Agreement unless it shall have first been so directed by the requisite percentage of the 2024 Holders in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Notes Indenture and this Agreement, and the 2024 Notes Trustee shall have no liability for taking any such actions in accordance with such directions and shall not be liable for any failure or delay in taking such actions resulting from any failure or delay by such parties in providing such directions.  (c)For
 the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the 2021 Notes Trustee and 
the 2024 Notes Trustee hereunder are several and not joint. Each of the 
parties hereto acknowledges 28​​and
 agrees that neither Trustee is acting as an intercreditor agent and/or a
 representative for the collective Secured Parties hereunder.​[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow]​​29​​IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and 
year first above written.Issuer:Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc.By: /s/ Eyal Rubin​ ​​ ​​ ​​ ​​ ​       Name: Eyal Rubin       Title:  Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer​By: /s/ Dror Bashan​ ​       Name: Dror Bashan        Title:  President & Chief Executive OfficerIsraeli
 Grantor (solely with respect to the provisions directly relating to the
 Israeli Grantor’s Intellectual Property registered in the United States
 of America):Protalix Ltd.By: /s/ Eyal Rubin​ ​       Name: Eyal Rubin       Title:  Senior Vice President & Chief Financial OfficerGrantor:Protalix B.V.By: /s/ Dror Bashan​ ​       Name: Dror Bashan        Title:  Managing Director​Protalix – Amended and Restated Security Agreement​Collateral Agent:Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as Collateral AgentBy: /s/ John Nichol​ ​       Name: John Nichol        Title:  Trust OfficerTrustees:The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2021 Notes TrusteeBy: /s/ Shannon Matthews​ ​       Name: Shannon Matthews        Title:  Vice PresidentThe Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2024 Notes TrusteeBy: /s/ Shannon Matthews​ ​​ ​       Name: Shannon Matthews        Title:  Vice PresidentProtalix – Amended and Restated Security Agreement​SCHEDULE 1EQUITY INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATESOWNED BY ORIGINAL GRANTORS(as of the Effective Date)IssuerJurisdictionofOrganizationOwner ofEquity InterestPercentageOwnedNumber ofShares orUnitsProtalix Ltd.IsraelProtalix BioTherapeutics Inc.100%4,363,280shares(100%)Protalix B.V.NetherlandsProtalix Ltd.100%180 shares(100%)​​Sched. 1 - 1​​SCHEDULE 2INVESTMENT PROPERTY(other than Equity Interests in Subsidiaries and Affiliates)OWNED BY ORIGINAL GRANTORS(as of the Effective Date)​​PART 1 — SecuritiesIssuerJurisdiction of OrganizationOwner of SecuritiesAmount OwnedType of Security​​​​​None.​​​​​​​​PART 2 — Securities AccountsThe Original Grantors own Security Entitlements with respect to Financial Assets credited to the following Securities Accounts:1OwnerSecurities IntermediaryAccount Number​​​None.​​​​​1
 If any such Securities Account holds material long-term investments and
 is not a trading account, more detailed information as to such 
investments could appropriately be required to be disclosed in this 
Schedule.Sched. 2 - 1​​SCHEDULE 3MATERIAL COMMERCIAL TORT CLAIMSDescribe
 each existing Material Commercial Tort Claim with the specificity 
required to satisfy Official Comment 5 to UCC Section 9-108.​None.Sched. 3 - 1​​EXHIBIT Ato Amended and Restated Security AgreementSECURITY AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENTSECURITY AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENT dated as of ____________, ____, delivered by [NAME OF GRANTOR] (the “Grantor”).WHEREAS,
 Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto, 
Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as Collateral Agent, The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2021 Notes Trustee, and The Bank
 of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2024 Notes Trustee, are 
parties to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of August
 24, 2021 (as heretofore supplemented, amended, modified, renewed and/or
 extended, the “Security Agreement”) under which Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc. and the Guarantors secure certain of their respective obligations (the “Secured Obligations”);WHEREAS,
 [name of Grantor] has executed Note Guarantees and desires to become a 
party to the Security Agreement as a Grantor thereunder;1 andWHEREAS,
 terms defined in the Security Agreement (or whose definitions are 
incorporated by reference in Section 1 of the Security Agreement) and 
not otherwise defined herein have, as used herein, the respective 
meanings provided for therein;NOW,
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:1.Grant of Transaction Liens.
 (a) In order to secure the payment and performance of the Secured 
Obligations, the Grantor grants to the Collateral Agent for the ratable 
benefit of the Secured Parties a security interest in all the right, 
title and interests of such Grantor in, to, and under the following 
property, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising
 and regardless of where located (the “New Collateral”):[describe property being added to the Collateral]2(b)With
 respect to each right to payment or performance included in the 
Collateral from time to time, the Transaction Lien granted therein 
includes a continuing security interest in (i) any Supporting Obligation
 that supports such payment or performance and (ii) any Lien that (x) 
secures such right to payment or performance or (y) secures any such 
Supporting Obligation.(c)The
 foregoing Transaction Liens are granted as security only and shall not 
subject the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to, or transfer 
or in any way 1 If the Grantor is the Issuer, delete this recital and Section 1 hereof.2
 If the Grantor is not already a party to the Security Agreement, 
clauses (i) through (xvi) of, and the proviso to, Section 3(a) of the 
Security Agreement may be appropriate.A-1​​affect
 or modify, any obligation or liability of the Grantor with respect to 
any of the New Collateral or any transaction in connection therewith.2.Delivery of Collateral.
 Concurrently with delivering this Security Agreement Supplement to the 
Collateral Agent, the Grantor is complying with the provisions of 
Section 7 of the Security Agreement with respect to Investment Property,
 in each case if and to the extent included in the New Collateral at 
such time.3.Party to Security Agreement.
 Upon delivering this Security Agreement Supplement to the Collateral 
Agent, the Grantor will become a party to the Security Agreement and 
will thereafter have all the rights and obligations of a Grantor 
thereunder and be bound by all the provisions thereof as fully as if the
 Grantor were one of the original parties thereto.4.Financing Statements.  The Grantor authorizes the Collateral Agent, without any obligation, to execute and file such financing statements or continuation statements in such jurisdictions with such descriptions of collateral (including as the New Collateral is specifically described herein or “all assets”, “all personal property” or “all assets whether now owned or hereinafter acquired” or other words of similar effect) and other information set forth therein as the Collateral Agent may reasonably deem necessary or desirable for the purposes set forth in Section 5(a) of the Security Agreement.  5.Representations and Warranties.
 (a) The Grantor is duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.(b)The
 Grantor has delivered a Perfection Certificate to the Collateral Agent.
 The information set forth therein is correct and complete in all 
material respects as of the date hereof.(c)The
 execution and delivery of this Security Agreement Supplement by the 
Grantor and the performance by it of its obligations under the Security 
Agreement as supplemented hereby are within its corporate or other 
powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other 
action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any 
governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or 
constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or 
regulation or of its organizational documents, or of any agreement, 
judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon it 
or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (except a 
Transaction Lien) on any of its assets.(d)The
 Security Agreement as supplemented hereby constitutes a valid and 
binding agreement of the Grantor, enforceable in accordance with its 
terms, except as limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights 
generally and (ii) general principles of equity.(e)Each
 of the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4 through 
11 of the Security Agreement is true in all material respects as applied
 to the Grantor and the New Collateral. For purposes of the foregoing 
sentence, references in said Sections to a “Grantor” shall be deemed to 
refer to the Grantor, references to Schedules to the Security Agreement 
shall be deemed to refer to the corresponding Schedules to this A-2​​Security
 Agreement Supplement, references to “Collateral” shall be deemed to 
refer to the New Collateral, and references to the “Effective Date” 
shall be deemed to refer to the date on which the Grantor signs and 
delivers this Security Agreement Supplement.6.Governing Law.
 This Security Agreement Supplement shall be construed in accordance 
with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. Each of the 
Grantors hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Security Agreement 
Supplement, the indentures, the notes, the note guarantees or the 
transactions contemplated hereby.7.Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Grantor: (a) agrees that any suit, action or proceeding against it arising out of or relating to this Security Agreement Supplement, may be instituted in any U.S. federal court with applicable subject matter jurisdiction sitting in The City of New York; (b) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding, and any claim that any suit, action or proceeding in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum; and (c) submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit, action or proceeding. Each Grantor further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for the term of this Security Agreement Supplement.  Nothing in this Security Agreement Supplement shall in any way be deemed to limit the ability to serve any such writs, process or summonses in any other manner permitted by applicable law.[Signature Pages Follow]​​A-3​​IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement
 Supplement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers 
as of the day and year first above written.[NAME OF GRANTOR]By:​ ​​ ​Name: Title:​​A-4​​Schedule 1to Security AgreementSupplementEQUITY INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES OWNED BY GRANTORIssuerJurisdictionofOrganizationPercentageOwnedNumberof Sharesor Units​​​​​​A-5​​Schedule 2to Security AgreementSupplementINVESTMENT PROPERTY(other than Equity Interests in Subsidiaries and Affiliates)OWNED BY GRANTOR​PART 1 — SecuritiesIssuerJurisdiction of OrganizationAmount OwnedType of Security​​​​​​​​​PART 2 — Securities AccountsThe Grantor owns Security Entitlements with respect to Financial Assets credited to the following Securities Accounts:1Securities IntermediaryAccount Number​​​​​​1
 If any such Securities Account holds material long-term investments and
 is not a trading account, more detailed information as to such 
investments could appropriately be required to be disclosed in this 
Schedule.A-6​​EXHIBIT Bto Amended and Restated Security AgreementCOPYRIGHT SECURITY AGREEMENT(Copyrights, Copyright Registrations, Copyright Applications and Copyright Licenses)WHEREAS, [name of Grantor], a ______________ corporation1 (herein referred to as the “Grantor”) owns, or in the case of licenses is a party to, the Copyright Collateral (as defined below);WHEREAS, Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc. (the “Issuer”),
 the Guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust 
Company, N.A., as Trustee, and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as 
Collateral Agent, are parties to (i) an Indenture dated as of December 
7, 2016 (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or extended from 
time to time, the “2021 Notes Indenture”)
 and (ii) an Indenture dated as of August 24, 2021 (as supplemented, 
amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “2024 Notes Indenture” and together with the 2021 Notes Indenture, the “Indentures” and each an “Indenture”); andWHEREAS,
 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of 
August 24, 2021 (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed and/or 
extended from time to time, the “Security Agreement”)
 among the Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Savings Fund
 Society, FSB, as Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties referred to 
therein (in such capacity, together with its successors in such 
capacity, the “Grantee”), The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2021 Notes Trustee, and The Bank
 of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2024 Notes Trustee, the 
Grantor has secured certain of its obligations (the “Secured Obligations”)
 by granting to the Grantee for the benefit of such Secured Parties a 
continuing security interest in personal property of the Grantor, 
including all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, to and under 
the Copyright Collateral (as defined below);NOW,
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor grants to the 
Grantee for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, to secure the 
payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, a security interest 
in all of the Grantor’s right, title and interests in, to and under the 
following property (all of the following items or types of property 
being herein collectively referred to as the “Copyright Collateral”), whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising:(i)all
 Copyrights (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, without 
limitation, each Copyright registration or application therefor referred
 to in Schedule 1 hereto;(ii)all
 Copyright Licenses (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, 
without limitation, each Copyright License identified in Schedule 1 
hereto; and1 Modify as needed if the Grantor is not a corporation.B-1​​(iii)to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds of the foregoing.[Notwithstanding
 anything contained in this Copyright Security Agreement to the 
contrary, (a) with respect to the security interests granted by any 
Israeli Grantor pursuant to this Copyright Security Agreement, this 
Copyright Security Agreement and each of the terms hereof relating to 
Copyright Collateral shall be limited solely to Copyright Collateral 
(including each of its constitutive parts) located in the United States 
of America or governed by the laws of the United States of America 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, federal laws and state laws); 
and (b) in respect of Copyright Collateral constituting IIA-Funded 
Know-How, the creation of any security interest over such Copyright 
Collateral and any enforcement thereof shall be (i) subject to the IIA 
Restrictions (including the Research Law and the IIA Approval) and (ii) 
governed by the laws of the State of Israel and subject to the exclusive
 jurisdiction of the Israeli courts.]2The
 Grantor irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Grantee and any 
officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution, as its true 
and lawful attorney in fact with full power and authority in the name of
 the Grantor or in the Grantee’s name, from time to time, so long as any
 Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, to take with 
respect to the Copyright Collateral any and all appropriate action which
 the Grantor might take with respect to the Copyright Collateral and to 
execute any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or 
desirable to carry out the terms of this Copyright Security Agreement 
and to accomplish the purposes hereof.The
 foregoing security interest is granted in conjunction with the security
 interests granted by the Grantor to the Grantee pursuant to the 
Security Agreement. The Grantor acknowledges and affirms that the rights
 and remedies of the Grantee with respect to the security interest in 
the Copyright Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the 
Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated 
by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.Capitalized terms herein used and not herein defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Security Agreement.  This Copyright Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Copyright Security Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic image-scan transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Copyright Security Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Copyright Security Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words “delivery,” “execution,” “execute,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Copyright Security Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Collateral Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same 2 Insert for an Israeli Grantor.B-2​​legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]​B-3​​IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has caused this Copyright Security 
Agreement to be duly executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized 
as of the ___ day of ____________, ____.[NAME OF GRANTOR]By: ​ ​Name: Title:Acknowledged:WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY,FSB,as Collateral AgentBy: Name:Title:​​B-4​​Schedule 1to CopyrightSecurity Agreement[NAME OF GRANTOR]COPYRIGHT REGISTRATIONSRegistration No.Registration DateTitleExpiration Date​​​​​COPYRIGHT APPLICATIONSCase No.Serial No.CountryDateFiling Title​​​​​​COPYRIGHT LICENSESName of AgreementPartiesLicensor/LicenseeDate ofAgreementSubjectMatter​​​​​​​B-5​​EXHIBIT Cto Amended and Restated Security AgreementPATENT SECURITY AGREEMENT(Patents, Patent Applications and Patent Licenses)WHEREAS, [name of Grantor], a ___ corporation1 (herein referred to as the “Grantor”) owns, or in the case of licenses is a party to, the Patent Collateral (as defined below);WHEREAS, Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc. (the “Issuer”),
 the Guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust 
Company, N.A., as Trustee, and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as 
Collateral Agent, are parties to (i) an Indenture dated as of December 
7, 2016 (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or extended from 
time to time, the “2021 Notes Indenture”)
 and (ii) an Indenture dated as of August 24, 2021 (as supplemented, 
amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “2024 Notes Indenture” and together with the 2021 Notes Indenture, the “Indentures” and each an “Indenture”); andWHEREAS,
 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of 
August 24, 2021 (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed and/or 
extended from time to time, the “Security Agreement”)
 among the Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Savings Fund
 Society, FSB, as Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties referred to 
therein (in such capacity, together with its successors in such 
capacity, the “Grantee”), The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2021 Notes Trustee, and The Bank
 of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2024 Notes Trustee, the 
Grantor has secured certain of its obligations (the “Secured Obligations”)
 by granting to the Grantee for the benefit of such Secured Parties a 
continuing security interest in personal property of the Grantor, 
including all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, to and under 
the Patent Collateral (as defined below);NOW,
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor grants to the 
Grantee for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, to secure the 
payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, a security interest 
in all of the Grantor’s right, title and interests in, to and under the 
following property (all of the following items or types of property 
being herein collectively referred to as the “Patent Collateral”), whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising:(i)all Patents (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, without limitation, each Patent referred to in Schedule 1 hereto;(ii)all
 Patent Licenses (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, 
without limitation, each Patent License identified in Schedule 1 hereto;
 and(iii)to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds of the foregoing.[Notwithstanding
 anything contained in this Patent Security Agreement to the contrary, 
(a) with respect to the security interests granted by any Israeli 
Grantor pursuant to this Patent 1 Modify as needed if the Grantor is not a corporation.C-1​​Security
 Agreement, this Patent Security Agreement and each of the terms hereof 
relating to Patent Collateral shall be limited solely to Patent 
Collateral (including each of its constitutive parts) located in the 
United States of America or governed by the laws of the United States of
 America (including, for the avoidance of doubt, federal laws and state 
laws); and (b) in respect of Patent Collateral constituting IIA-Funded 
Know-How, the creation of any security interest over such Patent 
Collateral and any enforcement thereof shall be (i) subject to the IIA 
Restrictions (including the Research Law and the IIA Approval) and (ii) 
governed by the laws of the State of Israel and subject to the exclusive
 jurisdiction of the Israeli courts.]2The
 Grantor irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Grantee and any 
officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution, as its true 
and lawful attorney in fact with full power and authority in the name of
 the Grantor or in the Grantee’s name, from time to time, so long as any
 Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, to take with 
respect to the Patent Collateral any and all appropriate action which 
the Grantor might take with respect to the Patent Collateral and to 
execute any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or 
desirable to carry out the terms of this Patent Security Agreement and 
to accomplish the purposes hereof.The
 foregoing security interest is granted in conjunction with the security
 interests granted by the Grantor to the Grantee pursuant to the 
Security Agreement. The Grantor acknowledges and affirms that the rights
 and remedies of the Grantee with respect to the security interest in 
the Patent Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the 
Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated 
by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.Capitalized terms herein used and not herein defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Security Agreement.  This Patent Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  The exchange of copies of this Patent Security Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic image-scan transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Patent Security Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Patent Security Agreement for all purposes.  Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words “delivery,” “execution,” “execute,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Patent Security Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Collateral Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce 2 Insert for an Israeli Grantor.C-2​​Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]​IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has caused this Patent Security Agreement 
to be duly executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the 
____ day of ______________, ____.[NAME OF GRANTOR]By: ​ ​Name: Title:Acknowledged:WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY,FSB,as Collateral AgentBy: Name:Title:​​C-3​​Schedule 1to PatentSecurity Agreement[NAME OF GRANTOR]PATENTS, DESIGN PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONSPatent No. / Application No.Issued Date / Application DateTitleAssignee / Inventor​PATENT LICENSESName of AgreementPartiesLicensor/LicenseeDate of AgreementSubject Matter​​​​​​​​​​​​​​C-4​​EXHIBIT Dto Amended and Restated Security AgreementTRADEMARK SECURITY AGREEMENT(Trademarks, Trademark Registrations, Trademark Applications and Trademark Licenses)WHEREAS, [name of Grantor], a ____________ corporation1 (herein referred to as the “Grantor”) owns, or in the case of licenses is a party to, the Trademark Collateral (as defined below);WHEREAS, Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc. (the “Issuer”),
 the Guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust 
Company, N.A., as Trustee, and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as 
Collateral Agent, are parties to (i) an Indenture dated as of December 
7, 2016 (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or extended from 
time to time, the “2021 Notes Indenture”)
 and (ii) an Indenture dated as of August 24, 2021 (as supplemented, 
amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the “2024 Notes Indenture” and together with the 2021 Notes Indenture, the “Indentures” and each an “Indenture”); andWHEREAS,
 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of 
August 24, 2021 (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed and/or 
extended from time to time, the “Security Agreement”)
 among the Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Savings Fund
 Society, FSB, as Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties referred to 
therein (in such capacity, together with its successors in such 
capacity, the “Grantee”), The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2021 Notes Trustee, and The Bank
 of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 2024 Notes Trustee, the 
Grantor has secured certain of its obligations (the “Secured Obligations”)
 by granting to the Grantee for the benefit of such Secured Parties a 
continuing security interest in personal property of the Grantor, 
including all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, to and under 
the Trademark Collateral (as defined below);NOW,
 THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Grantor grants to the 
Grantee for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, to secure the 
payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, a security interest 
in all of the Grantor’s right, title and interests in, to and under the 
following property (all of the following items or types of property 
being herein collectively referred to as the “Trademark Collateral”), whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising:(i)all
 Trademarks (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, without 
limitation, each Trademark registration and application referred to in 
Schedule 1 hereto, and all of the goodwill of the business symbolized 
by, or associated with, each Trademark;(ii)all
 Trademark Licenses (as defined in the Security Agreement), including, 
without limitation, each Trademark License identified in Schedule 1 
hereto, and all of the 1 Modify as needed if the Grantor is not a corporation.D-1​​goodwill of the business connected with the use of, or symbolized by, each Trademark licensed pursuant thereto; and(iii)to the extent not otherwise included, all Proceeds of the foregoing.For
 the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Trademark Collateral 
include any United States “intent-to-use” Trademark application prior to
 the filing of a “Statement of Use” or “Amendment to Allege Use” with 
respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the 
period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would
 impair the validity or enforceability of such application under 
applicable federal law.[Notwithstanding
 anything contained in this Trademark Security Agreement to the 
contrary, (a) with respect to the security interests granted by any 
Israeli Grantor pursuant to this Trademark Security Agreement, this 
Trademark Security Agreement and each of the terms hereof relating to 
Trademark Collateral shall be limited solely to Trademark Collateral 
(including each of its constitutive parts) located in the United States 
of America or governed by the laws of the United States of America 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, federal laws and state laws); 
and (b) in respect of Trademark Collateral constituting IIA-Funded 
Know-How, the creation of any security interest over such Trademark 
Collateral and any enforcement thereof shall be (i) subject to the IIA 
Restrictions (including the Research Law and the IIA Approval) and (ii) 
governed by the laws of the State of Israel and subject to the exclusive
 jurisdiction of the Israeli courts.]2The
 Grantor irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Grantee and any 
officer or agent thereof, with full power of substitution, as its true 
and lawful attorney in fact with full power and authority in the name of
 the Grantor or in the Grantee’s name, from time to time, so long as any
 Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, to take with 
respect to the Trademark Collateral any and all appropriate action which
 the Grantor might take with respect to the Trademark Collateral and to 
execute any and all documents and instruments which may be necessary or 
desirable to carry out the terms of this Trademark Security Agreement 
and to accomplish the purposes hereof.The
 foregoing security interest is granted in conjunction with the security
 interests granted by the Grantor to the Grantee pursuant to the 
Security Agreement. The Grantor acknowledges and affirms that the rights
 and remedies of the Grantee with respect to the security interest in 
the Trademark Collateral granted hereby are more fully set forth in the 
Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated 
by reference herein as if fully set forth herein.Capitalized terms herein used and not herein defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Security Agreement.  This Trademark Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement.  The exchange of copies of this Trademark Security Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic 2 Insert for an Israeli Grantor.D-2​​image-scan transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Trademark Security Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Trademark Security Agreement for all purposes.  Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words “delivery,” “execution,” “execute,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Trademark Security Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Collateral Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]​​​D-3​​IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has caused this Trademark Security 
Agreement to be duly executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized 
as of the ____ day of ____________, ____.[NAME OF GRANTOR]By: ​ ​Name: Title:Acknowledged:WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY,FSB,as Collateral AgentBy: Name:Title:​​D-4​​Schedule 1to TrademarkSecurity Agreement[NAME OF GRANTOR]U.S. TRADEMARK REGISTRATIONS AND APPLICATIONS​​TRADEMARK LICENSESName ofAgreementPartiesLicensor/LicenseeDate ofAgreementSubject Matter​​​​​​​D-5​​EXHIBIT Eto Amended and Restated Security AgreementPERFECTION CERTIFICATE[Attached]​E-1​​EXHIBIT Fto Amended and Restated Security AgreementISSUER CONTROL AGREEMENTISSUER CONTROL AGREEMENT dated as of _____, _____ among ___________ (the “Grantor”), Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as Collateral Agent (the “Secured Party”), and _____ (the “Issuer”). All references herein to the “UCC” refer to the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in [Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation].W I T N E S S E T H :WHEREAS,
 the Grantor is the registered holder of [specify Pledged Uncertificated
 Securities issued by the Issuer] issued by the Issuer (the “Securities”);WHEREAS,
 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated as of 
August 24, 2021 (as such agreement may be supplemented, amended, 
modified, renewed and/or extended from time to time, the “Security Agreement”), the Grantor has granted to the Secured Party a continuing security interest (the “Transaction Lien”)
 in all right, title and interest of the Grantor in, to and under the 
Securities, whether now existing or hereafter arising; andWHEREAS, the parties hereto are entering into this Agreement in order to perfect the Transaction Lien on the Securities;NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:Section 1. Nature of Securities.
 The Issuer confirms that (i) the Securities are “uncertificated 
securities” (as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC) and (ii) the 
Grantor is registered on the books of the Issuer as the registered 
holder of the Securities.Section 2. Instructions.
 The Issuer agrees to comply with any “instruction” (as defined in 
Section 8-102 of the UCC) originated by the Secured Party and relating 
to the Securities without further consent by the Grantor or any other 
person. The Grantor consents to the foregoing agreement by the Issuer.Section 3. Waiver of Lien; Waiver of Set-off.
 The Issuer waives any security interest, lien or right of set-off that 
it may now have or hereafter acquire in or with respect to the 
Securities. The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Securities will 
not be subject to deduction, set off or any other right in favor of any 
person other than the Secured Party.Section 4. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of [Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation].1Section 5. Conflict with Other Agreements.
 There is no agreement (except this Agreement) between the Issuer and 
the Grantor with respect to the Securities [except for [identify any 
existing other agreements] (the “Existing Other Agreements”)]. In the event of 1 The Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation shall be a State in the United States.F-1​​any
 conflict between this Agreement (or any portion hereof) and any other 
agreement [(including any Existing Other Agreement)] between the Issuer 
and the Grantor with respect to the Securities, whether now existing or 
hereafter entered into, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.Section 6. Amendments.
 No amendment or modification of this Agreement or waiver of any right 
hereunder shall be binding on any party hereto unless it is in writing 
and is signed by all the parties hereto.Section 7. Notice of Adverse Claims.
 Except for the claims and interests of the Secured Party and the 
Grantor in the Securities, the Issuer does not know of any claim to, or 
interest in, the Securities. If any person asserts any lien, encumbrance
 or adverse claim (including any writ, garnishment, judgment, 
attachment, execution or similar process) against the Securities, the 
Issuer will promptly notify the Secured Party and the Grantor thereof.Section 8. Maintenance of Securities.
 In addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligation of the Issuer to 
honor instructions as agreed in Section 2 hereof, the Issuer agrees as 
follows:(i)Grantor Instructions; Notice of Exclusive Control.
 So long as the Issuer has not received a Notice of Exclusive Control 
(as defined below), the Issuer may comply with instructions of the 
Grantor or any duly authorized agent of the Grantor in respect of the 
Securities. After the Issuer receives a written notice from the Secured 
Party that it is exercising exclusive control over the Securities (a “Notice of Exclusive Control”), the Issuer will cease complying with instructions of the Grantor or any of its agents.2(ii)Voting Rights.
 Until the Issuer receives a Notice of Exclusive Control, the Grantor 
shall be entitled to direct the Issuer with respect to voting the 
Securities.(iii)Statements and Confirmations.
 The Issuer will promptly send copies of all statements and other 
correspondence concerning the Securities simultaneously to each of the 
Grantor and the Secured Party at their respective addresses specified in
 Section 11 hereof.(iv)Tax Reporting.
 All items of income, gain, expense and loss recognized in respect of 
the Securities shall be reported to the Internal Revenue Service and all
 state and local taxing authorities under the name and taxpayer 
identification number of the Grantor.Section 9. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Issuer. The Issuer makes the following representations, warranties and covenants:(i)This Agreement is a valid and binding agreement of the Issuer enforceable in accordance with its terms.(ii)The
 Issuer has not entered into, and until the termination of this 
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with any other person 
relating to the 2 Delete subsection (i) if the Grantor will not be permitted to sell the Securities.F-2​​Securities
 pursuant to which it has agreed, or will agree, to comply with 
instructions (as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC) of such person. 
The Issuer has not entered into any other agreement with the Grantor or 
the Secured Party purporting to limit or condition the obligation of the
 Issuer to comply with instructions as agreed in Section 2 hereof.Section 10. Successors.
 This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit 
of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.Section 11. Notices.
 Each notice, request or other communication given to any party 
hereunder shall be in writing (which term includes facsimile or other 
electronic transmission) and shall be effective (i) when delivered to 
such party at its address specified below, (ii) when sent to such party 
by facsimile or other electronic transmission, addressed to it at its 
facsimile number or electronic address specified below, and such party 
sends back an electronic confirmation of receipt or (iii) ten days after
 being sent to such party by certified or registered United States mail,
 addressed to it at its address specified below, with first class or 
airmail postage prepaid:Grantor:Secured Party:Issuer:Any
 party may change its address, facsimile number and/or e-mail address 
for purposes of this Section by giving notice of such change to the 
other parties in the manner specified above.Section 12. Termination.
 The rights and powers granted herein to the Secured Party (i) have been
 granted in order to perfect the Transaction Lien, (ii) are powers 
coupled with an interest and (iii) will not be affected by any 
bankruptcy of the Grantor or any lapse of time. The obligations of the 
Issuer hereunder shall continue in effect until the Secured Party has 
notified the Issuer in writing that the Transaction Lien has been 
terminated pursuant to the Security Agreement.Section 13. Counterparts.
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of 
which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto
 may execute this Agreement by signing and delivering one or more 
counterparts.[NAME OF GRANTOR]By: ​ ​Name: Title:​F-3​​Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as Collateral AgentBy: ​ ​Name: Title:[NAME OF ISSUER]By: ​ ​Name: Title:​​F-4​​Exhibit A[Letterhead of Secured Party][Date][Name and Address of Issuer]Attention: ______________________Re: Notice of Exclusive ControlLadies and Gentlemen:As
 referenced in the Issuer Control Agreement dated as of ____, ____ among
 [name of Grantor], us and you (a copy of which is attached), we notify 
you that we will hereafter exercise exclusive control over [specify 
Pledged Uncertificated Securities] registered in the name of [name of 
Grantor] (the “Securities”). You are 
instructed not to accept any directions or instructions with respect to 
the Securities from any person other than the undersigned unless 
otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction.You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by e-mail (with receipt confirmed) to [name of Grantor].Very truly yours,Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as Collateral AgentBy: ​ ​Name: Title:cc: [name of Grantor]F-5​





EX-10.3
4
tv518930_ex10-3.htm
EXHIBIT 10.3



 
Exhibit 10.3
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 
SECURITY AGREEMENT
 
Dated and effective as of
 
April 9, 2019,
 
among
 
SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA, INC.,
 
SAMSON OIL & GAS LIMITED,
 
THE SUBSIDIARY LOAN PARTIES FROM TIME TO
TIME PARTY HERETO
 
and
 
AEP I FINCO LLC,
 
as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent
 

   
 

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 


 
 
Page

 
 
 

Article I. Definitions
2

 
 
 

Section 1.01.
Credit Agreement.
2

Section 1.02.
Other Defined Terms.
2

 
 
 

Article II. Pledge of Securities
5

 
 
 

Section 2.01.
Pledge
5

Section 2.02.
Delivery of the Pledged Collateral.
5

Section 2.03.
Representations, Warranties and Covenants
6

Section 2.04.
Certification of Limited Liability Company and Limited Partnership Interests.
7

Section 2.05.
Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations
8

Section 2.06.
Voting Rights; Dividends and Interest, etc.
8

 
 
 

Article III. Security Interests in Personal Property
10

 
 
 

Section 3.01.
Security Interest.
10

Section 3.02.
Representations and Warranties
12

Section 3.03.
Covenants.
14

Section 3.04.
Covenants Regarding Patent, Trademark and Copyright Collateral
16

Section 3.05.
Instruments.  In order to further ensure the 
attachment, perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Agent to 
enforce, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Agent’s security 
interest in the Article 9 Collateral, each Grantor agrees, in each case 
at such Grantor’s own expense, that if such Grantor shall at any time 
own or acquire any Instruments evidencing individually an amount in 
excess of $250,000, such Grantor shall promptly (and in any event within
 thirty (30) days of its acquisition (or such longer period as the Agent
 may agree to)) notify the Agent and promptly endorse, assign and 
deliver the same to the Agent, accompanied by such instruments of 
transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Agent may from time
 to time reasonably request.
17

 
 
 

Article IV. Remedies
17

 
 
 

Section 4.01.
Remedies upon Default
17

Section 4.02.
Application of Proceeds
18

Section 4.03.
Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property
19

Section 4.04.
Securities Act, etc
19

 
 
 

Article V. Miscellaneous 
20

 
 
 

Section 5.01.
Notices
20

Section 5.02.
Security Interest Absolute
20

Section 5.03.
Limitation by Law
20

Section 5.04.
Binding Effect; Several Agreement
20

Section 5.05.
Successors and Assigns
21

 

 i 
 

 



Section 5.06.
Agent’s Fees and Expenses; Indemnification.
21

Section 5.07.
Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact
22

Section 5.08.
GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS.
22

Section 5.09.
Waivers; Amendment.
23

Section 5.10.
Severability
23

Section 5.11.
Counterparts
23

Section 5.12.
Termination or Release.
23

Section 5.13.
Additional Subsidiaries
24

Section 5.14.
Right of Set-off
24

Section 5.15.
Subject to Hedge Intercreditor Agreement
25

Section 5.16.
Subordination
25

Section 5.17.
Survival of Agreement
25

 


Schedules
 

 
 

Schedule I
Pledged Stock; Debt Securities

Schedule II
Intellectual Property

 
 

Exhibits
 

 
 

Exhibit I
Form of Supplement to the Security Agreement

 

 ii 
 

 
This
 SECURITY AGREEMENT
dated and effective as of April 9, 2019 (as amended, restated, amended 
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time, this “Agreement”), is by and among SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA, INC., a Colorado corporation (the “Borrower”),
SAMSON OIL & GAS LIMITED, an Australian corporation (“Parent”), SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA MONTANA, INC., a
Colorado corporation (“Samson Montana”), and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a party hereto
after the date hereof pursuant to Section 5.13 (together with Samson Montana, collectively the “Subsidiary Parties”
and each, a “Subsidiary Party”), and AEP I FINCO LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, as Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the “Agent”
or the “Collateral Agent”) and Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined
in the Credit Agreement).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), 
among the Borrower, the Agent, as administrative
agent and collateral agent, and the banks, financial institutions and 
other lending institutions from time to time parties thereto,
as lenders (the “Lenders”), the Borrower will from time to time incur loans under the term loan facility, as
more particularly described therein;
 
WHEREAS, each of Borrower,
Parent, and each Subsidiary Party (collectively the “Grantors” and each, a “Grantor”) is
executing and delivering this Agreement pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement to induce the Lenders to extend credit to
Borrower and to induce the Secured Hedge Parties to enter into the Secured Hedge Agreements;
 
WHEREAS,
 Parent owns
all of the Capital Stock in Borrower, will derive substantial benefits 
from the extensions of credit to Borrower under the Credit
Agreement, and is willing to execute and deliver this Agreement in order
 to induce the Lenders to extend credit to Borrower thereunder;
 
WHEREAS,
 in consideration
of the loans, extensions of credit and other accommodations of the 
Lenders and Secured Hedge Parties as set forth in the Credit
Agreement, and to induce the Lenders to make such loans and extensions 
of credit and to enter into the Credit Agreement, the Borrower,
Parent and each Subsidiary Party has agreed to grant a security interest
 in all of its assets to secure the Obligations; and
 
WHEREAS, the Subsidiary
Parties are Subsidiaries of the Borrower, will derive substantial benefits from the extension of credit to the Borrower pursuant
to the Credit Agreement, and are willing to execute and deliver this Agreement in order to induce the Lenders to extend credit
thereunder.
 
Accordingly, the parties
hereto agree as follows:
 

1
 

 
Article
I.
Definitions
 
Section 1.01.     Credit
Agreement.
 
(a)          Capitalized
terms
 used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the 
respective meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement.
All capitalized terms referred to in Article III hereof that are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the New York UCC and
not defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in Article 8 or Article 9 of the New York UCC. The term “instrument”
shall have the meaning specified in Article 9 of the New York UCC.
 
(b)          The
rules of construction specified in Sections 1.3, 1.4, and 1.5 of the Credit Agreement also apply to this Agreement.
 
Section 1.02.     Other
Defined Terms.
 
As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the meanings specified below:
 
“Account Debtor”
means any Person who is or who may become obligated to any Grantor under, with respect to or on account of an Account.
 
“Agent”
means the party named as such in this Agreement until a successor (including successors under the Credit Agreement) replaces it
and, thereafter, means such successor.
 
“Agreement”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Article 9
Collateral” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.
 
“Borrower”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.
 
“Collateral”
means Article 9 Collateral and Pledged Collateral; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Collateral shall exclude any
Excluded Equity Interests and Excluded Assets.
 
“Collateral
Agent” means the party named as such in this Agreement until a successor (including successors under the Credit Agreement)
replaces it and, thereafter, means such successor.
 
“Copyright
License” means any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, 
granting any right to any Grantor under any Copyright
now or hereafter owned by any third party, and all rights of any Grantor
 under any such agreement (including any such rights that
such Grantor has the right to license).
 
“Copyrights”
means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any 
Grantor (or, as required in the context of the definition of
“Copyright License,” any third party licensor): (a) all copyright rights
 in any work subject to the copyright laws
of the United States, whether as author, assignee, transferee or 
otherwise; and (b) all registrations and applications for registration
of any such Copyright in the United States, including registrations, 
supplemental registrations and pending applications for registration
in the United States Copyright Office, including those listed on Schedule II.
 

2
 

 
“Credit Agreement”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
 
“Excluded
Assets” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01(a).
 
“Federal Securities
Laws” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.04.
 
“Foreign Subsidiary”
means each Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not organized under the 
laws of the United States or any state thereof, or the District
of Columbia.
 
“General Intangibles”
means all “general intangibles” as defined in the New York UCC, including all causes of action and all other intangible
personal property of any Grantor of every kind and nature (other than Accounts) now owned or hereafter acquired by any Grantor,
including corporate or other business records, indemnification claims, contract rights (including rights under leases, whether
entered into as lessor or lessee, swap agreements and other agreements), Intellectual Property and other intellectual property,
goodwill, registrations, franchises and tax refund claims.
 
“Grantor”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.
 
“Intellectual
Property” means all intellectual and similar property of every kind 
and nature now owned or hereafter acquired by any
Grantor, including inventions, designs, Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks,
 Patent Licenses, Copyright Licenses, Trademark Licenses,
trade secrets, domain names, confidential or proprietary technical and 
business information, know-how, show-how or other data or
information and all related documentation.
 
“Intercreditor
Agreements” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.02(a).
 
“New York
UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York.
 
“Parent”
has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement.
 
“Patent License”
means any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting to any
 Grantor any right to make, use or sell any invention covered
by a Patent, now or hereafter owned by any third party (including any 
such rights that such Grantor has the right to license).
 
“Patents”
means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any Grantor (or, as required in the context of the definition of
“Patent License,” any third party licensor): (a) all patents of the United States, and all applications for patents
of the United States, including those listed on Schedule II, and 
(b) all reissues, continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part
or extensions thereof, and the inventions disclosed or claimed therein, 
including the right to make, use and/or sell the inventions
disclosed or claimed therein.
 
“Permitted
Liens” means Liens expressly permitted by Section 7.2 of the Credit Agreement.
 

3
 

 
“Pledged Collateral”
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01.
 
“Pledged Debt”
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01.
 
“Pledged Securities”
means any promissory notes, stock certificates or other certificated 
securities now or hereafter included in the Pledged Collateral,
including all certificates, instruments or other documents representing 
or evidencing any Pledged Collateral.
 
“Pledged Stock”
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01.
 
“Proceeds”
means all “proceeds” as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a) of the New York UCC and, in any event, shall include,
without limitation, all dividends or other income from the Investment Property, collections thereon or distributions or payments
with respect thereto.
 
	“Requirement
of Law” shall mean, as to any Person, any law, treaty, rule, 
regulation, statute, order, ordinance, decree, judgment,
consent decree, writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental 
requirement enacted, promulgated or imposed or entered into
or agreed by any Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or 
binding upon such Person or any of its property or assets
or to which such Person or any of its property or assets is subject.
 
“Security
Interest” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.
 
“Subsidiary
Party” has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary statement of this Agreement.
 
“Trademark
License” means any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, granting to any Grantor any right to use any Trademark
now or hereafter owned by any third party (including any such rights that such Grantor has the right to license).
 
“Trademarks”
means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any 
Grantor (or, as required in the context of the definition of
“Trademark License,” any third party licensor): (a) all trademarks, 
service marks, corporate names, company names,
business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, trade dress, 
logos, other source or business identifiers, designs and
general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter adopted or
 acquired, all registrations thereof (if any), and all
registration and recording applications filed in connection therewith in
 the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any similar
offices in any State of the United States or any political subdivision 
thereof, and all renewals thereof, including those listed
on Schedule II and (b) all goodwill associated therewith or symbolized thereby.
 

4
 

 
Article
II.
Pledge of Securities
 
Section 2.01.     Pledge.
As security for the payment or performance, as the case may be, in full 
of the Obligations, each Grantor hereby assigns and pledges
to the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties, and hereby grants to the Agent, its
successors and permitted assigns, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, a security interest in all of such Grantor’s right,
title and interest in, to and under (a) the Capital Stock in the 
Borrower and each Subsidiary, as applicable, directly owned
by it (which such Capital Stock constituting Pledged Stock as of the 
date hereof shall be listed on Schedule I) and any
other Capital Stock in a Subsidiary obtained in the future by such Grantor and any certificates representing all such Capital
Stock (collectively, the “Pledged Stock”); provided that the Pledged Stock shall not include any Excluded
Equity Interests; (b)(i) the debt securities currently issued to any Grantor and all other debt owing to any Grantor (which
such debt constituting Pledged Debt as of the date hereof shall be listed on Schedule I),
 (ii) any debt securities
in the future issued to such Grantor and any other debt which may in the
 future be owing to any Grantor and (iii) the promissory
notes and any other instruments, if any, evidencing such debt 
(collectively, the “Pledged Debt”); provided
that Pledged Debt shall not include any Excluded Asset; (c) subject to Section 2.06, all payments of principal
or interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in
respect of, in exchange for or upon the conversion of, and all other proceeds received in respect of, the securities referred
to in clauses (a) and (a) above; (d) subject to Section 2.06,
 all rights and privileges of such Grantor with respect
to the securities and other property referred to in clauses (a), (a) and
 (a) above; and (e) all Proceeds of any of the foregoing
(the items referred to in clauses (a) through (a) above being 
collectively referred to as the “Pledged Collateral”).
 
TO
 HAVE AND TO HOLD the
Pledged Collateral, together with all right, title, interest, powers, 
privileges and preferences pertaining or incidental thereto,
unto the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for the benefit of
 the Secured Parties, forever; subject, however,
to the terms, covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth.
 
Section 2.02.     Delivery
of the Pledged Collateral.
 
(a)          Subject
to
 the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement entered into on or after the date 
hereof, each Grantor agrees promptly (and in any event within
30 days after the acquisition (or such longer time as the Agent shall 
permit in its reasonable discretion)) to deliver or cause
to be delivered to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
any and all Pledged Securities to the extent such Pledged
Securities, in the case of promissory notes or other instruments 
evidencing Indebtedness, are required to be delivered pursuant
to paragraph (b) of this Section 2.02.
 
(b)          Subject
to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, each Grantor will cause (i) any Indebtedness for borrowed money having a principal amount
in excess of $250,000 (individually) that is owing to such Grantor and that is evidenced by a duly executed promissory note and
(ii) any Indebtedness for borrowed money that is evidenced by an intercompany note to be pledged and delivered to the Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms hereof.
 
(c)          Subject
to
 the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, upon delivery to the Agent, any 
Pledged Securities required to be delivered pursuant to the
foregoing paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 2.02 shall be 
accompanied by stock or securities powers or note powers,
as applicable, duly executed in blank or other instruments of transfer 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and by such other instruments
and documents as the Agent may reasonably request (other than 
instruments or documents governed by or requiring actions in any
non-US jurisdiction related to Capital Stock of Foreign Subsidiaries). 
Each delivery of Pledged Securities shall be accompanied
by a schedule describing the securities, which schedule shall be 
attached hereto as Schedule I (or a supplement to Schedule
I, as applicable) and made a part hereof; provided that 
failure to attach any such schedule hereto shall not affect
the validity of such pledge of such Pledged Securities. Each schedule so
 delivered shall supplement any prior schedules so delivered.
 

5
 

 
Section 2.03.     Representations,
Warranties and Covenants. Each Grantor represents and warrants to (but solely, on the Closing Date, to the extent such representations
and warranties are required to be true and correct as a condition to an advance pursuant to Article III of the Credit Agreement),
and covenants with, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, that:
 
(a)          the
Pledged Stock, to the best of each Grantor’s knowledge, has been duly and validly authorized and issued by the issuers thereof
and are fully paid and nonassessable;
 
(b)          Schedule
I correctly sets forth, as of the Closing Date, the percentage of 
the issued and outstanding shares of each class of the Capital
Stock of the issuer thereof represented by such Pledged Stock and 
includes all Capital Stock, debt securities and promissory notes
or instruments evidencing Indebtedness required to be (i) pledged 
in order to satisfy the terms and conditions of the Credit
Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 5.12 of the Credit Agreement) or (ii) delivered pursuant to Section
2.02(b);
 
(c)          except
for
 the security interests granted hereunder, each Grantor (i) holds the 
Pledged Collateral free and clear of all Liens, other
than Permitted Liens, (ii) will make no assignment, pledge, 
hypothecation or transfer of, or create or permit to exist any
security interest in or other Lien on, the Pledged Collateral, other 
than pursuant to a transaction permitted by the Credit Agreement
and other than Permitted Liens, and (iii) subject to the terms of 
the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement and to the rights of such
Grantor under the Loan Documents to dispose of Pledged Collateral, will 
use commercially reasonable efforts to defend its title
or interest thereto or therein against any and all Liens (other than 
Permitted Liens), however arising, of all Persons;
 
(d)          other
than
 (i) as set forth in the Credit Agreement or the schedules thereto,
 (ii) restrictions and limitations imposed or
permitted by the Loan Documents or securities laws generally and 
(iii) transfer restrictions that exist at the time of the
acquisition of Capital Stock in such Person, the Pledged Collateral is 
and will continue to be freely transferable and assignable,
and none of the Pledged Collateral is or will be subject to any option, 
right of first refusal, shareholders agreement, charter,
by-law, memorandum of association or articles of association provisions 
or contractual restriction of any nature that might prohibit,
impair, delay or otherwise affect in any manner material and adverse to 
the Secured Parties, the pledge of such Pledged Collateral
hereunder, the sale or disposition thereof pursuant hereto or the 
exercise by the Agent of rights and remedies hereunder other
than under applicable Requirements of Law;
 
(e)          each
Grantor
 has the power and authority to pledge the Pledged Collateral pledged by
 it hereunder in the manner hereby done or contemplated;
 
(f)          other
than
 as set forth in the Credit Agreement or the schedules thereto, no 
consent or approval of any Governmental Authority, any securities
exchange or any other person was or is necessary to the validity of the 
pledge effected hereby, except (i) for filings and registrations
necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan 
Parties in favor of the Secured Parties and (ii) such as have
been obtained and are in full force and effect; and
 

6
 

 
(g)          by
virtue
 of the execution and delivery by each Grantor of this Agreement, when 
any Pledged Securities are delivered to the Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, together with appropriate 
transfer powers relating thereto executed in blank, and a financing
statement in respect of the Pledged Securities is filed in the 
appropriate filing office, the Agent will obtain, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and perfected (except for any 
Capital Stock with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment
of the Agent and the Borrower evidenced in writing delivered to the 
Agent, the costs or other consequences of perfecting such a
security interest are excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained 
by the Secured Parties therefrom) lien upon and security
interest in such Pledged Securities, subject only to Permitted Liens, as
 security for the payment and performance of the Obligations.
 
Notwithstanding
 anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the representations, warranties and 
covenants made by any relevant Grantor in this Agreement
with respect to the creation, perfection or priority (as applicable) of 
the security interest granted in favor of the Agent (pursuant
to this agreement) shall be deemed not to apply to Excluded Assets.
 
Section 2.04.     Certification
of Limited Liability Company and Limited Partnership Interests.
 
(a)          Each
interest in any limited liability company or limited partnership controlled by any Grantor, pledged hereunder and represented by
a certificate, shall be a “security” within the meaning of Article 8 of the New York UCC and shall be governed by Article
8 of the New York UCC, and each such interest shall at all times hereafter be represented by a certificate unless and until such
interest is no longer such a “security” and the Grantor complies with Section 2.04(b).
 
(b)          Each
interest
 in any limited liability company or limited partnership controlled by 
any Grantor pledged hereunder and not represented
by a certificate shall not be a “security” within the meaning of Article
 8 of the New York UCC and shall not be governed
by Article 8 of the New York UCC (or other applicable Uniform Commercial
 Code in effect in another jurisdiction), and the Grantors
shall at no time elect to treat any such interest as a “security” within
 the meaning of Article 8 of the New York UCC
or issue any certificate representing such interest, unless promptly 
thereafter (and in any event within 30 days (or such longer
period as the Agent may agree to, in its sole discretion)) the 
applicable Grantor provides notification to the Agent of such election
and delivers, as applicable, any such certificate to the Agent pursuant 
to the terms hereof.
 

7
 

 
Section 2.05.         Registration
in Nominee Name; Denominations. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor 
Agreement, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, (a) the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, 
shall have the right (in its sole and absolute discretion)
to hold the Pledged Securities in its own name as pledgee or the name of
 its nominee (as pledgee or as sub-agent), or the name
of the applicable Grantor, endorsed or assigned in blank in favor of the
 Agent, and (b) each Grantor will promptly give to
the Agent copies of any written notices or other written communications 
received by it with respect to Pledged Securities registered
in the name of such Grantor. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor 
Agreement, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
the Agent shall have the right to exchange the certificates representing
 Pledged Securities for certificates of smaller or larger
denominations for any purpose consistent with this Agreement, to the 
extent permitted by the documentation governing such Pledged
Securities. Each Grantor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts 
to cause any Subsidiary that is not a party to this Agreement
to comply with a request by the Agent, pursuant to this Section 2.05, to exchange certificates representing Pledged Securities
of such Subsidiary for certificates of smaller or larger denominations.
 
Section 2.06.      Voting
Rights; Dividends and Interest, etc.
 
(a)          Unless
and
 until an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the
 Agent shall have given notice to the relevant Grantors
of the Agent’s intention to exercise its rights hereunder, in each case 
subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, as
applicable:
 
(i)          Each
Grantor
 shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and/or other 
consensual rights and powers inuring to an owner of Pledged
Collateral or any part thereof for any purpose consistent with the terms
 of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and the other
Loan Documents.
 
(ii)         The
Agent
 shall promptly execute and deliver to each Grantor, or cause to be 
executed and delivered to such Grantor, all such proxies,
powers of attorney and other instruments as such Grantor may reasonably 
request for the purpose of enabling such Grantor to exercise
the voting and/or consensual rights and powers it is entitled to 
exercise pursuant to subparagraph (i) above.
 
(iii)        Each
Grantor
 shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all dividends, 
interest, principal and other distributions paid on or distributed
in respect of the Pledged Collateral to the extent and only to the 
extent that such dividends, interest, principal and other distributions
are permitted by, and otherwise paid or distributed in accordance with, 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the other
Loan Documents, and applicable Requirements of Law; provided that
 any noncash dividends, interest, principal or other distributions
that would constitute Pledged Securities, whether resulting from a 
subdivision, combination or reclassification of the outstanding
Capital Stock of the issuer of any Pledged Securities or received in 
exchange for Pledged Securities or any part thereof, or in
redemption thereof, or as a result of any merger, consolidation, 
acquisition or other exchange of assets to which such issuer may
be a party or otherwise, shall be and become part of the Pledged 
Collateral, and, if received by any Grantor, shall be promptly
(and in any event within 30 days of their receipt (or such longer time 
as the Agent shall permit in its reasonable discretion))
delivered to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the 
same form as so received (and, if reasonably requested by
the Agent, endorsed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent). 
So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and
is continuing, the Agent shall promptly deliver to each Grantor any 
Pledged Securities in its possession if requested to be delivered
to the issuer thereof in connection with any exchange or redemption of 
such Pledged Securities permitted by the Credit Agreement
in accordance with this Section 2.06(a)(iii).
 

8
 

 
(b)          Subject
to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and upon notice by
the Agent to the relevant Grantors of the Agent’s intention to exercise its rights hereunder, all rights of any Grantor to
dividends, interest, principal or other distributions that such Grantor is authorized to receive pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii)
of this Section 2.06 shall cease, and all such rights shall 
thereupon become vested, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
in the Agent, which shall have the sole and exclusive right and 
authority to receive and retain such dividends, interest, principal
or other distributions; provided that, subject to the Hedge 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent shall have the right from
time to time following and during the continuance of an Event of Default
 to permit the Grantors to receive and retain such amounts.
Any and all money and other property paid over to or received by the 
Agent pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (b) shall
be retained by the Agent in an account to be established by the Agent 
upon receipt of such money or other property and shall be
applied in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.02. After 
all Events of Default have been cured or waived and the
Borrower has delivered to the Agent a certificate to that effect, the 
Agent shall promptly repay to each Grantor (without interest)
all dividends, interest, principal or other distributions that such 
Grantor would otherwise be permitted to retain pursuant to
the terms of paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.06 and that remain in such account; provided, however, that the Agent
shall have no obligation to make such repayment if the repayment would result in an Event of Default.
 
(c)          Subject
to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and after notice by
the Agent to the relevant Grantors of the Agent’s intention to exercise its rights hereunder, subject to applicable Requirements
of Law, all rights of any Grantor to exercise the voting and/or consensual rights and powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant
to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 2.06, and the obligations of the Agent under paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section 2.06,
shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall
have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise such voting and consensual rights and powers; provided
 that
the Agent shall have the right from time to time, subject to the Hedge 
Intercreditor Agreement, following and during the continuance
of an Event of Default to permit the Grantors to exercise such rights. 
Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, after all
Events of Default have been cured or waived and the Borrower has 
delivered to the Agent a certificate to that effect, all rights
of any Grantor to exercise the voting and/or consensual rights and 
powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)
of this Section 2.06, and the obligations of the Agent under paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section 2.06, shall in each
case be reinstated.
 
(d)          Any
notice given by the Agent to the Grantors suspending their rights under paragraph (a) of this Section 2.06 (i) shall
be in writing, (ii) may be given to one or more of the Grantors at the same or different times and (iii) may suspend
the rights of the Grantors under paragraph (a)(i) or paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 2.06 in part without suspending
all such rights (as specified by the Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) and without waiving or otherwise affecting the
Agent’s rights to give additional notices from time to time suspending other rights so long as an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing.
 

9
 

 
Article
III.
Security Interests in Personal Property
 
Section 3.01.      Security
Interest.
 
(a)          As
security
 for the payment or performance, as the case may be, in full of the 
Obligations, each Grantor hereby pledges to the Agent,
its successors and assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and 
hereby grants to the Agent, its successors and assigns,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest (the “Security Interest”) in all right, title and
interest in or to any and all of the following assets and properties now owned or at any time hereafter acquired by such Grantor
or in which such Grantor now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interest (the “Article 9
Collateral”):
 
(i)          all
Accounts;
 
(ii)         all
Chattel Paper;
 
(iii)        all
Deposit Accounts;
 
(iv)        all
Documents;
 
(v)         all
Equipment;
 
(vi)        all
Fixtures;
 
(vii)       all
General Intangibles;
 
(viii)      all
Goods;
 
(ix)         all
Instruments;
 
(x)          all
Intellectual Property;
 
(xi)         all
Inventory;
 
(xii)        all
Investment Property other than the Pledged Collateral;
 
(xiii)       all
Letters of Credit and Letter of Credit Rights;
 
(xiv)      all
minerals, oil, gas and As-Extracted Collateral;
 
(xv)       all
books and records pertaining to the Article 9 Collateral; and
 
(xvi)      substitutions,
replacements,
 accessions, products and proceeds (including insurance proceeds, 
licenses, royalties, income, payments, claims, damages
and proceeds of suit) and to the extent not otherwise included, all 
proceeds, Proceeds, Supporting Obligations and products of
any and all of the foregoing and all collateral security and guarantees 
given by any person with respect to any of the foregoing.
 

10
 

 
Notwithstanding
 anything
to the contrary in the Loan Documents, this Agreement shall not 
constitute a grant of a security interest in (and the Article 9
Collateral shall not include) and the other provisions of the Loan 
Documents with respect to Collateral need not be satisfied with
respect to (A) motor vehicles or other assets subject to 
certificates of title (except to the extent the security interests
in such vehicles or assets can be perfected by filing an “all assets” 
UCC-1 financing statement) and commercial tort
claims, (B) any assets over which the granting of security 
interests in such assets would be prohibited by an enforceable
contractual obligation binding on the assets (including permitted liens,
 leases or licenses), applicable Requirements of Law (in
each case, except to the extent such prohibition is unenforceable after 
giving effect to applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial
Code or other applicable Requirement of Law, other than proceeds 
thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective
under the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable Requirement of Law
 notwithstanding such prohibitions) or to the extent that
such security interests would require obtaining the consent of any 
Governmental Authority or would result in material and adverse
tax consequences to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or Parent as reasonably
 determined by the Borrower in writing delivered to the
Collateral Agent, (C) those assets with respect to which, in the 
reasonable judgment of the Agent and the Borrower, the burdens,
costs or consequences of obtaining or perfecting such a security 
interest are excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained
by the Secured Parties therefrom, (D) any Letter of Credit Rights 
(other than to the extent a Lien thereon can be perfected
by filing an “all assets” UCC-1 financing statement), (E) any 
Excluded Equity Interest, (F) any Grantor’s
right, title or interest in any license, contract or agreement to which 
such Grantor is a party or any of its right, title or interest
thereunder to the extent, but only to the extent, that such a grant 
would violate the terms of applicable Requirements of Law or
of such license, contract or agreement, or result in a breach of the 
terms of, or constitute a default under, any such license,
contract or agreement to which such Grantor is a party; provided 
that, immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination
of any such provision, the Collateral shall include, and such Grantor 
shall be deemed to have granted a security interest in, all
such rights and interests as if such provision had never been in effect,
 (G)any foreign collateral or credit support with respect
to such foreign collateral (other than any such assets constituting 
Pledged Collateral), (H) cash and Permitted Investments,
Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts (including securities entitlements
 and related assets) and Commodity Accounts, in each case
other than (i) to the extent a Lien thereon can be perfected by filing 
an “all assets” UCC-1 financing statement, and
(ii) cash collateral accounts contemplated under the Loan Documents, (I)
 any asset (other than as set forth in clause (H) above)
a security interest in which can only be perfected through control, 
control agreements or other control arrangements, in each case
other than possession or control of Pledged Securities (whether 
certificated or uncertificated) to the extent required hereunder,
(J) any property or assets owned by a Foreign Subsidiary (unless such 
Foreign Subsidiary is at any time a Grantor hereunder), (K)
any Trademark application filed in the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office on the basis of any Grantor’s “intent
to use” such Trademark and for which a form evidencing use of the 
Trademark has not yet been filed with and accepted by the
United States Patent and Trademark Office, to the extent that granting a
 security interest in such Trademark application prior
to such filing would result in the cancellation or abandonment of the 
same or would impair the registrability, enforceability or
validity of such Trademark application or any registration that issues 
therefrom under applicable federal law, (L) margin stock
and, to the extent prohibited by the terms of any applicable 
Organizational Documents, joint venture agreement, shareholders’
agreement or similar agreement, Capital Stock in any other Person other 
than Wholly-owned Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries
and (M) any Building (as defined in the applicable Flood Insurance Laws)
 or Manufactured (Mobile) Home (as defined in the applicable
Flood Insurance Laws) located on real property, in each case, in an area
 having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance
is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (the 
foregoing clauses (A) through (M), the “Excluded
Assets”); provided that the Collateral shall include the Proceeds of any of the foregoing unless such Proceeds
also constitute Excluded Assets.
 

11
 

 
(b)          Each
Grantor
 hereby irrevocably authorizes the Agent at any time and from time to 
time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any initial
financing statements (including fixture filings) with respect to the 
Collateral or any part thereof and amendments thereto that
contain the information required by Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial 
Code of each applicable jurisdiction for the filing of
any financing statement or amendment, including (i) whether such 
Grantor is an organization, the type of organization and
any organizational identification number issued to such Grantor, 
(ii) in the case of a financing statement filed as a fixture
filing, a sufficient description of the real property to which such 
Collateral relates and (iii) a description of collateral
that describes such property in any other manner as the Agent may 
reasonably determine is necessary or advisable to ensure the
perfection of the security interest in the Collateral granted under this
 Agreement, including describing such property as “all
assets” or “all property” or words of similar effect. Each Grantor 
agrees to provide such information to the
Agent promptly upon any reasonable request.
 
The
 Agent is further
authorized to file with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or
 United States Copyright Office (or any successor office
or any similar office in any other country) such documents as may be 
necessary or advisable for the purpose of perfecting, confirming,
continuing, enforcing or protecting the Security Interest granted by 
each Grantor, without the signature of any Grantor, and naming
any Grantor or the Grantors as debtors and the Agent as secured party.
 
(c)          The
Security Interest is granted as security only and shall not subject the Agent or any other Secured Party to, or in any way alter
or modify, any obligation or liability of any Grantor with respect to or arising out of the Article 9 Collateral.
 
Section 3.02.     Representations
and Warranties. The Grantors jointly and severally represent and warrant (but solely, on the Closing Date, to the extent such
representations and warranties are required to be true and correct as a condition to an advance pursuant to Article III of the
Credit Agreement) to the Agent and the Secured Parties that:
 
(a)          Each
Grantor
 has good and valid rights in and title (except as otherwise permitted 
under any Loan Document) to the Article 9 Collateral
with respect to which it has purported to grant a Security Interest 
hereunder and has full power and authority to grant to the
Agent the Security Interest in such Article 9 Collateral pursuant hereto
 and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, without the consent or 
approval of any other person other than any consent or approval
that has been obtained and is in full force and effect or has otherwise 
been disclosed herein or in the Credit Agreement and the
Schedules thereto.
 

12
 

 
(b)          Appropriately
completed
 Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (including fixture 
filings, as applicable) containing a description of the
Article 9 Collateral owned by each Grantor, when filed in the 
appropriate filing office in the jurisdiction of organization of
each such Grantor or in the District of Columbia (if such Grantor is not
 organized in the United States or any political subdivision
thereof), constitute all the filings, recordings and registrations 
(other than filings required to be made in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office in 
order to perfect the Security Interest in Article 9 Collateral
consisting of United States Patents, United States registered Trademarks
 and United States registered Copyrights) that are necessary
to publish notice of and protect the validity of and to establish a 
legal, valid and perfected security interest in favor of the
Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in respect of all Article
 9 Collateral owned by each such Grantor in which the Security
Interest may be perfected by filing, recording or registration in the 
United States (or any political subdivision thereof) pursuant
to the Uniform Commercial Code in such jurisdictions, and no further or 
subsequent filing, refiling, recording, rerecording, registration
or reregistration is necessary pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code 
in any such jurisdiction, except as provided under applicable
Requirements of Law with respect to the filing of continuation 
statements or amendments. To the extent that any Grantor owns any
Intellectual Property, each Grantor represents and warrants that a fully
 executed agreement in the form hereof (or a short form
hereof which form shall be reasonably acceptable to the Agent) 
containing a description of all Article 9 Collateral consisting
of Intellectual Property with respect to registered United States 
Patents (and Patents for which registration applications are
pending), registered United States Trademarks (and Trademarks for which 
registration applications are pending) and registered United
States Copyrights (and Copyrights for which registration applications 
are pending) has been or shall be (concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement) delivered to the Agent for recording with 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United
States Copyright Office pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 261, 15 U.S.C. 
§ 1060 or 17 U.S.C. § 205 and the
regulations thereunder, as applicable, to protect the validity of and to
 establish a legal, valid and perfected security interest
in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in 
respect of all Article 9 Collateral consisting of such Intellectual
Property in which a security interest may be perfected by recording with
 the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the
United States Copyright Office, and no further or subsequent filing, 
refiling, recording, rerecording, registration or reregistration
is necessary (other than such actions as are necessary to perfect the 
Security Interest with respect to any Article 9 Collateral
consisting of Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights (or registration or 
application for registration thereof) acquired or developed
after the Closing Date).
 
(c)          The
Security Interest constitutes (i) a legal and valid security interest in all the Article 9 Collateral securing the payment
and performance of the Obligations, (ii) subject to the filings described in Section 3.02(b),
 a perfected security
interest in all Article 9 Collateral in which a security interest may be
 perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing
statement or analogous document in the United States (or any political 
subdivision thereof) and its territories and possessions
pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable Requirements
 of Law in such jurisdictions and (iii) subject to
Section 3.02(b), a security interest that shall be perfected in 
all Article 9 Collateral in which a security interest may
be perfected upon the receipt and recording of this Agreement (or a 
short form hereof) with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office and the United States Copyright Office, as applicable. The 
Security Interest is and shall be prior to any other Lien on
any of the Article 9 Collateral other than Permitted Liens.
 

13
 

 
(d)          The
Article
 9 Collateral is owned by the Grantors free and clear of any Lien, other
 than Permitted Liens. None of the Grantors has
filed or consented to the filing of (i) any financing statement or 
analogous document under the Uniform Commercial Code or
any other applicable Requirements of Law covering any Article 9 
Collateral, (ii) any assignment in the nature of a security
interest in which any Grantor assigns any Article 9 Collateral or any 
security agreement or similar instrument covering any Article
9 Collateral with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the 
United States Copyright Office or (iii) any assignment
in the nature of a security interest in which any Grantor assigns any 
Article 9 Collateral or any security agreement or similar
instrument covering any Article 9 Collateral with any foreign 
governmental, municipal or other office, which financing statement
or analogous document, assignment, security agreement or similar 
instrument is still in effect, except, in each case, hereunder
and for Permitted Liens.
 
Section 3.03.      Covenants.
 
(a)          Each
Grantor
 agrees promptly to notify the Agent in writing of any change 
(i) in its legal name, (ii) in its identity or type
of organization or corporate structure, (iii) its organizational 
identification number, if any, (iv) in its jurisdiction
of organization, or (v) chief executive office. Each Grantor agrees 
promptly to provide the Agent with certified organizational
documents reflecting any of the changes described in the immediately 
preceding sentence. Each Grantor agrees that if it effects
or permits any change referred to in the first sentence of this 
paragraph (i) it will cooperate with the Agent to ensure that
all filings have been made, or will have been made within any applicable
 statutory period, under the Uniform Commercial Code or
otherwise that are required in order for the Agent at all times 
following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected first
priority (subject to Permitted Liens) security interest in all the 
Article 9 Collateral, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
 
(b)          Subject
to
 the terms of the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement and to the rights of 
such Grantor under the Loan Documents to dispose of Collateral,
each Grantor shall, at its own expense, defend title to the Article 9 
Collateral against all persons and defend the Security Interest
of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Article 9 
Collateral and the priority thereof against any Lien that
is not a Permitted Lien; provided that, nothing in this Agreement
 shall prevent any Grantor from discontinuing the operation
or maintenance of any of its assets or properties if such discontinuance
 is (i) determined by such Grantor to be desirable in the
conduct of its business and (ii) not prohibited by the Loan 
Documents.
 
(c)          Subject
to Section 3.01(a), each Grantor agrees, at its own expense, to 
execute, acknowledge, deliver and cause to be duly filed
all such further instruments and documents and take all such actions as 
the Agent may from time to time reasonably request to better
assure, preserve, protect and perfect the Security Interest and the 
rights and remedies created hereby, including the payment of
any reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket fees and taxes 
required in connection with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the granting of the Security Interest and the filing of 
any financing statements or other documents in connection
herewith or therewith; provided that the Agent shall not request 
any such actions other than (i) the execution, acknowledgment,
delivery, filing and recording in the United States of financing 
statements, fixture filings, assignments of As-Extracted Collateral
arising from the Mortgaged Properties and Intellectual Property security
 agreements, (ii) the delivery of Pledged Collateral, (iii)
the delivery of Deposit Account Control Agreements, (iv) such other 
actions, deliveries, or filings reasonably requested by the
Agent, and (v) actions specifically related to and required to effect 
the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv).
 

14
 

 
(d)          Subject
to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement:
 
(i)          After
the
 occurrence of an Event of Default and during the continuance thereof, 
the Agent shall have the right to verify under reasonable
procedures the validity, amount, quality, quantity, value, condition and
 status of, or any other matter relating to, the Article
9 Collateral, including, in the case of Accounts or Article 9 Collateral
 in the possession of any third person, by contacting Account
Debtors or the third person possessing such Article 9 Collateral for the
 purpose of making such a verification and each Grantor
shall furnish all such assistance and information as Agent may 
reasonably request in connection with any such verification. The
Agent shall have the right to share any information it gains from such 
inspection or verification with any Secured Party.
 
(ii)         The
Agent hereby authorizes each Grantor to collect such Grantor’s Accounts, and the Agent may curtail or terminate said authority
at any time after written notice is provided by the Agent to such Grantor, subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, after
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default.
 
(iii)        At
the Agent’s written request at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Grantor
shall deliver to the Agent all original and other documents evidencing, and relating to, the agreements and transactions which
gave rise to the Accounts, including all original orders, invoices and shipping receipts.
 
(e)          At
its
 option, the Agent may discharge any past due taxes, assessments, 
charges, fees, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances
at any time levied or placed on the Article 9 Collateral and that is not
 a Permitted Lien, and may pay for the maintenance and
preservation of the Article 9 Collateral to the extent any Grantor fails
 to do so as required by the Credit Agreement or this Agreement,
and each Grantor jointly and severally agrees to reimburse the Agent 
within ten (10) calendar days after demand for any reasonable
payment made or any reasonable expense incurred by the Agent pursuant to
 the foregoing authorization; provided, however,
that nothing in this Section 3.03 shall be interpreted as excusing any Grantor from the performance of, or imposing any
obligation on the Agent or any Secured Party to cure or perform, any covenants or other promises of any Grantor with respect to
taxes, assessments, charges, fees, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances and maintenance as set forth herein or in the
other Loan Documents.
 
(f)          Each
Grantor
 (rather than the Agent or any Secured Party) shall remain liable for 
the observance and performance of all the conditions
and obligations to be observed and performed by it under each contract, 
agreement or instrument relating to the Article 9 Collateral.
 

15
 

 
(g)          During
the
 continuance of an Event of Default, none of the Grantors will, without 
the Agent’s prior written consent, grant any extension
of the time of payment of any Accounts included in the Article 9 
Collateral, compromise, compound or settle the same for less than
the full amount thereof, release, wholly or partly, any person liable 
for the payment thereof or allow any credit or discount whatsoever
thereon, other than extensions, credits, discounts, compromises or 
settlements granted or made in the ordinary course of business
and consistent with prudent business practices in the reasonable 
discretion of the Borrower, except as permitted by the Credit
Agreement.
 
(h)          Subject
to
 the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, each Grantor irrevocably makes, 
constitutes and appoints the Agent (and all officers, employees
or agents designated by the Agent) as such Grantor’s true and lawful 
agent (and attorney-in-fact) for the purpose, during
the continuance of an Event of Default, of making, settling and 
adjusting claims in respect of Article 9 Collateral under policies
of insurance, endorsing the name of such Grantor on any check, draft, 
instrument or other item of payment for the proceeds of such
policies of insurance and for making all determinations and decisions 
with respect thereto. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor
Agreement, in the event that any Grantor at any time or times shall fail
 to obtain or maintain any of the policies of insurance
required by the Loan Documents or to pay any premium in whole or part 
relating thereto, the Agent may, without waiving or releasing
any obligation or liability of the Grantors hereunder or any Event of 
Default, in its sole discretion, obtain and maintain such
policies of insurance and pay such premium and take any other actions 
with respect thereto as the Agent reasonably deems advisable.
All sums disbursed by the Agent in connection with this Section 3.03(h),
 including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court
costs, expenses and other charges relating thereto, shall be payable, 
upon demand, by the Grantors to the Agent and shall be additional
Obligations secured hereby.
 
Section 3.04.      Covenants
Regarding Patent, Trademark and Copyright Collateral. Except as permitted by the Credit Agreement:
 
(a)          Each
Grantor,
 either itself or through any agent, employee, licensee or designee, 
shall (i) inform the Agent on an annual basis
on or about the time of delivery of financial statements for such year 
(commencing with the financial statements for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2019) of each application by itself, or through any 
agent, employee, licensee or designee, for any Patent with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office and each registration of 
any Trademark or Copyright with the United States Patent
and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright Office or any 
comparable office or agency in any other country filed during the
preceding twelve-month period, and (ii) upon the reasonable request
 of the Agent, execute and deliver any and all agreements,
instruments, documents and papers as the Agent may reasonably request to
 evidence the Agent’s security interest in such Patent,
Trademark or Copyright.
 
(b)          Upon
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request of the Agent, each Grantor shall obtain all requisite consents
or approvals from the licensor under each Copyright License, Patent License or Trademark License to effect the assignment of all
such Grantor’s right, title and interest thereunder to (in the Agent’s sole discretion) the designee of the Agent or
the Agent.
 

16
 

 
Section 3.05.     Instruments.
In order to further ensure the attachment, perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Agent to enforce, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties, the Agent’s security interest in the Article 9 Collateral, each Grantor agrees, in each case at such
Grantor’s own expense, that if such Grantor shall at any time own or acquire any Instruments evidencing individually an amount
in excess of $250,000, such Grantor shall promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days of its acquisition (or such longer
period as the Agent may agree to)) notify the Agent and promptly endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Agent, accompanied
by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.
 
Article
IV.
Remedies
 
Section 4.01.     Remedies
upon Default. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, upon the
 occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default, subject to applicable Requirements of Law, each Grantor agrees 
to deliver each item of Collateral to the Agent on demand,
and it is agreed that the Agent shall have the right to take any of or 
all the following actions at the same or different times:
(a) with respect to any Article 9 Collateral consisting of 
Intellectual Property, on demand, to cause the Security Interest
to become an assignment, transfer and conveyance of any of or all such 
Article 9 Collateral by the applicable Grantors to the
Agent or to license or sublicense, whether general, special or 
otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or a nonexclusive basis,
any such Intellectual Property throughout the world on such terms and 
conditions and in such manner as the Agent shall determine
(other than in violation of any then-existing licensing arrangements to 
the extent that waivers thereunder cannot be obtained),
(b) with or without legal process and with or without prior notice 
or demand for performance, to take possession of the Article
9 Collateral and without liability for trespass to the applicable 
Grantor to enter any premises where the Article 9 Collateral
may be located for the purpose of taking possession of or removing the 
Article 9 Collateral and (c) generally, to exercise
any and all rights afforded to a secured party under the applicable 
Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable Requirements of
Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor 
agrees that the Agent shall have the right, after the occurrence
of an Event of Default and subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement 
and the applicable Requirements of Law, to sell or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of the Collateral at a public or private sale
 or at any broker’s board or on any securities exchange,
for cash, upon credit or for future delivery as the Agent shall deem 
appropriate. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement,
the Agent shall be authorized in connection with any sale of a security 
(if it deems it advisable to do so) pursuant to the foregoing
to restrict the prospective bidders or purchasers to persons who 
represent and agree that they are purchasing such security for
their own account, for investment, and not with a view to the 
distribution or sale thereof. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor
Agreement, upon consummation of any such sale of Collateral pursuant to 
this Section 4.01, the Agent shall have the right
to assign, transfer and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof the Collateral so sold. Each such purchaser at any such
sale shall hold the property sold absolutely, free from any claim or right on the part of any Grantor, and each Grantor hereby
waives and releases (to the extent permitted by law) all rights of redemption, stay, valuation and appraisal that such Grantor
now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter enacted.
 

17
 

 
The
 Agent shall give
the applicable Grantors ten (10) days’ written notice (which each 
Grantor agrees is reasonable notice within the meaning
of Section 9-611 of the New York UCC or its equivalent in other 
jurisdictions) of the Agent’s intention to make any sale
of Collateral. At any such sale, the Collateral, or the portion thereof,
 to be sold may be sold in one lot as an entirety or in
separate parcels, as the Agent may (in its sole and absolute discretion)
 determine. The Agent shall not be obligated to make any
sale of any Collateral if it shall determine not to do so, regardless of
 the fact that notice of sale of such Collateral shall
have been given. The Agent may, without notice or publication, adjourn 
any public or private sale or cause the same to be adjourned
from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for sale, 
and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the
time and place to which the same was so adjourned. In the case of any 
sale of all or any part of the Collateral made on credit
or for future delivery, the Collateral so sold may be retained by the 
Agent until the sale price is paid by the purchaser or purchasers
thereof, but the Agent shall not incur any liability in the event that 
any such purchaser or purchasers shall fail to take up and
pay for the Collateral so sold and, in the case of any such failure, 
such Collateral may be sold again upon notice given in accordance
with provisions above. At any public (or, to the extent permitted by 
law, private) sale made pursuant to this Section 4.01,
any Secured Party may bid for or purchase for cash (or, with the consent
 of the Agent, credit bid), free (to the extent permitted
by law) from any right of redemption, stay, valuation or appraisal on 
the part of any Grantor (all such rights being also hereby
waived and released to the extent permitted by law), the Collateral or 
any part thereof offered for sale and such Secured Party
may, upon compliance with the terms of sale, hold, retain and dispose of
 such property without further accountability to any Grantor
therefor. For purposes hereof, a written agreement to purchase the 
Collateral or any portion thereof shall be treated as a sale
thereof; the Agent shall be free to carry out such sale pursuant to such
 agreement and no Grantor shall be entitled to the return
of the Collateral or any portion thereof subject thereto, 
notwithstanding the fact that after the Agent shall have entered into
such an agreement all Events of Default shall have been remedied and the
 Obligations paid in full. Subject to the Hedge Intercreditor
Agreement, as an alternative to exercising the power of sale herein 
conferred upon it, the Agent may proceed by a suit or suits
at law or in equity to foreclose this Agreement and to sell the 
Collateral or any portion thereof pursuant to a judgment or decree
of a court or courts having competent jurisdiction or pursuant to a 
proceeding by a court-appointed receiver. To the extent provided
in this Section 4.01, any sale that complies with such provisions shall be deemed to conform to the commercially reasonable
standards as provided in Section 9-610(b) of the New York UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions.
 
Section 4.02.     Application
of Proceeds. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Agent shall promptly apply the proceeds,
moneys or balances of any collection or sale of Collateral, as well as any Collateral consisting of cash, in accordance with Section
10.11 of the Credit Agreement.
 
The
 Agent shall have
absolute discretion as to the time of application of any such proceeds, 
moneys or balances in accordance with this Agreement. Upon
any sale of Collateral by the Agent (including pursuant to a power of 
sale granted by statute or under a judicial proceeding),
the receipt of the purchase money by the Agent or of the officer making 
the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser
or purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers
 shall not be obligated to see to the application of any
part of the purchase money paid over to the Agent or such officer or be 
answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof.
 

18
 

 
Section 4.03.     Grant
of License to Use Intellectual Property. For the purpose of enabling
 the Agent to exercise rights and remedies under this
Agreement, solely at such time and for so long as the Agent shall be 
lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, each
Grantor grants (such grant effective solely after the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default) to (in the
Agent’s sole discretion) a designee of the Agent or the Agent, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, an irrevocable (but
terminable, upon termination of this Agreement), non-exclusive license 
(exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation
to any Grantor) to use, license or sublicense any of the Article 9 
Collateral consisting of Intellectual Property now owned or
hereafter acquired by such Grantor, wherever the same may be located, 
and including in such license the right to prosecute and
maintain all Intellectual Property and the right to sue for past 
infringement of the Intellectual Property; provided, however,
that nothing in this Section 4.03 shall require Grantors to grant
 any license that is prohibited by any rule of law, statute
or regulation, or is prohibited by, or constitutes a breach or default 
under, or results in the right of an unaffiliated third
party to terminate, any contract, license, instrument or other agreement
 with an unaffiliated third party, to the extent permitted
by the Credit Agreement, with respect to such Intellectual Property 
Collateral; and provided, further, that such
licenses to be granted hereunder with respect to Trademarks shall be 
subject to the maintenance of quality standards with respect
to the goods and services on which such Trademarks are used sufficient 
to preserve the validity of such Trademarks. For the avoidance
of doubt, the use of such license by the Agent may be exercised, at the 
option of the Agent, only during the continuation of an
Event of Default. Furthermore, each Grantor hereby grants to the Agent 
an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any document which 
may be required by the United States Copyright Office or
the United States Patent and Trademark Office or any state office in 
order to effect an absolute assignment of all right, title
and interest in each Patent, Trademark or Copyright, and to record the 
same.
 
Section 4.04.      Securities
Act, etc. In view of the position of the Grantors in relation to the
 Pledged Collateral, or because of other current or future
circumstances, a question may arise under the Securities Act of 1933, as
 now or hereafter in effect, or any similar federal statute
hereafter enacted analogous in purpose or effect (such Act and any such 
similar statute as from time to time in effect being called
the “Federal Securities Laws”) with respect to any disposition of
 the Pledged Collateral permitted hereunder.
Each Grantor understands that compliance with the Federal Securities 
Laws might very strictly limit the course of conduct of the
Agent if the Agent were to attempt to dispose of all or any part of the 
Pledged Collateral, and might also limit the extent to
which or the manner in which any subsequent transferee of any Pledged 
Collateral could dispose of the same. Similarly, there may
be other legal restrictions or limitations affecting the Agent in any 
attempt to dispose of all or part of the Pledged Collateral
under applicable Blue Sky or other state securities laws or similar laws
 analogous in purpose or effect. Each Grantor acknowledges
and agrees that in light of such restrictions and limitations, the 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, (a) may proceed
to make such a sale whether or not a registration statement for the 
purpose of registering such Pledged Collateral or part thereof
shall have been filed under the Federal Securities Laws or, to the 
extent applicable, Blue Sky or other state securities laws
and (b) may approach and negotiate with a single potential 
purchaser to effect such sale. Each Grantor acknowledges and agrees
that any such sale might result in prices and other terms less favorable
 to the seller than if such sale were a public sale without
such restrictions. In the event of any such sale, the Agent shall incur 
no responsibility or liability for selling all or any
part of the Pledged Collateral at a price that the Agent, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable
under the circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that a 
substantially higher price might have been realized if the sale
were deferred until after registration as aforesaid or if more than a 
single purchaser were approached. The provisions of this
Section 4.04 will apply notwithstanding the existence of a public or private market upon which the quotations or sales
prices may exceed substantially the price at which the Agent sells.
 

19
 

 
Article
V.
Miscellaneous
 
Section 5.01.     Notices.
All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as otherwise 
expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as provided
in Section 10.1 of the Credit Agreement (whether or not then in 
effect), as such address may be changed by written notice
to the Agent and the Borrower. All communications and notices hereunder 
to any Grantor shall be given to it in care of the Borrower,
with such notice to be given as provided in Section 10.1 of the Credit Agreement (whether or not then in effect).
 
Section 5.02.    Security
Interest Absolute. All rights of the Agent hereunder, the Security 
Interest, the security interest in the Pledged Collateral
and all obligations of each Grantor hereunder shall be absolute and 
unconditional irrespective of (a) any lack of validity
or enforceability of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, any 
agreement with respect to any of the Obligations or any
other agreement or instrument relating to any of the foregoing, 
(b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of,
or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other 
amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from
the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any other agreement or
 instrument, (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection
of any Lien on other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver 
of or consent under or departure from any guarantee, securing
or guaranteeing all or any of the Obligations or (d) any other 
circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available
to, or a discharge of, any Grantor in respect of the Obligations or this
 Agreement (other than a defense of payment or performance).
 
Section 5.03.     Limitation
by Law. All rights, remedies and powers provided in this Agreement 
may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise thereof
does not violate any applicable Requirements of Law, and all the 
provisions of this Agreement are intended to be subject to all
applicable Requirements of Law that may be controlling and to be limited
 to the extent necessary so that they shall not render
this Agreement invalid, unenforceable, in whole or in part, or not 
entitled to be recorded, registered or filed under the provisions
of any applicable Requirement of Law.
 
Section 5.04.     Binding
Effect; Several Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as 
to any party to this Agreement when a counterpart hereof
executed on behalf of such party shall have been delivered to the Agent 
and a counterpart hereof shall have been executed on behalf
of the Agent, and thereafter shall be binding upon such party and the 
Agent and their respective permitted successors and assigns,
and shall inure to the benefit of such party, the Agent and the other 
Secured Parties and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, except that no party shall have the right to assign or 
transfer its rights or obligations hereunder or any interest
herein or in the Collateral (and any such assignment or transfer shall 
be void) except as not prohibited by this Agreement or
the Credit Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed as a separate 
agreement with respect to each party and may be amended,
modified, supplemented, waived or released in accordance with Section 5.09.
 

20
 

 
Section 5.05.      Successors
and Assigns. Whenever in this Agreement any of the parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include
the permitted successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants, promises and agreements by or on behalf of any Grantor
or the Agent that are contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of its respective permitted successors and
assigns. The Agent hereunder shall at all times be the same person that is the “Collateral Agent” under the Credit
Agreement. Written notice of resignation by the “Collateral Agent” pursuant to the Credit Agreement shall also constitute
notice of resignation as the Agent under this Agreement. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the “Collateral Agent”
under the Credit Agreement by a successor “Collateral Agent”, that successor “Collateral Agent” shall
thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent pursuant hereto.
 
Section 5.06.     Agent’s
Fees and Expenses; Indemnification.
 
(a)          The
parties hereto agree that the Agent shall be entitled to reimbursement of its expenses incurred hereunder and indemnification as
provided in Section 12.5 of the Credit Agreement.
 
(b)          Any
such amounts payable as provided hereunder shall be additional Obligations secured hereby and by the other Collateral Documents.
The provisions of this Section 5.06 shall remain operative and in
 full force and effect regardless of the termination of
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the
Obligations, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision
 of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Agent or any other Secured Party. All 
amounts due under this Section 5.06 shall be payable within
ten (10) days of written demand therefor.
 

21
 

 
Section 5.07.     Agent
Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. Each Grantor hereby appoints the Agent 
the attorney-in-fact of such Grantor for the purpose of
carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and 
executing any instrument that the Agent may deem necessary
or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment is 
irrevocable and coupled with an interest (it being understood
that no rights shall be exercised under such power of attorney unless an
 Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, subject to applicable 
Requirements of Law and the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement, the
Agent shall have the right, upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, with full power of substitution
either in the Agent’s name or in the name of such Grantor, (a) to 
receive, endorse, assign or deliver any and all notes,
acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment 
relating to the Collateral or any part thereof, (b) to
demand, collect, receive payment of, give receipt for and give 
discharges and releases of all or any of the Collateral; (c) to
ask for, demand, sue for, collect, receive and give acquittance for any 
and all moneys due or to become due under and by virtue
of any Collateral; (d) to sign the name of any Grantor on any 
invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Collateral;
(e) to send verifications of Accounts to any Account Debtor; 
(f) to commence and prosecute any and all suits, actions
or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent 
jurisdiction to collect or otherwise realize on all or any of the
Collateral or to enforce any rights in respect of any Collateral; 
(g) to settle, compromise, compound, adjust or defend any
actions, suits or proceedings relating to all or any of the Collateral; 
(h) to notify, or to require any Grantor to notify,
Account Debtors to make payment directly to the Agent; and (i) to 
use, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, make any agreement
with respect to or otherwise deal with all or any of the Collateral, and
 to do all other acts and things necessary to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement, as fully and completely as though the 
Agent were the absolute owner of the Collateral for all
purposes; provided that nothing herein contained shall be 
construed as requiring or obligating the Agent to make any commitment
or to make any inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment 
received by the Agent, or to present or file any claim or
notice, or to take any action with respect to the Collateral or any part
 thereof or the moneys due or to become due in respect
thereof or any property covered thereby. The Agent and the other Secured
 Parties shall be accountable only for amounts actually
received as a result of the exercise of the powers granted to them 
herein, and neither they nor their officers, directors, employees
or agents shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or failure to 
act hereunder, except for their own or their Related Parties’
gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct.
 
Section 5.08.     GOVERNING
LAW; JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL; CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS.
 
(a)          THE
TERMS OF SECTIONS 10.5 AND 10.6 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS, AND
THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE TO SUCH TERMS.
 
(b)          EACH
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN SECTION 5.01.
 NOTHING
IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF 
ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVICE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED
BY LAW.
 
(c)          EACH
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.
 

22
 

 
Section 5.09.      Waivers;
Amendment.
 
(a)          No
failure
 or delay by the Agent, any Lender or any other Secured Party in 
exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder or under
any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any
 single or partial exercise of any such right, power, privilege
or remedy, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such
 a right, power, privilege or remedy, preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, 
privilege or remedy. The rights, powers, privileges and
remedies of the Agent, the Lenders or any other Secured Party hereunder 
and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are
not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies provided by Requirements
 of Law. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or
consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event 
be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph
(b) of this Section 5.09, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose
for which given. No notice or demand on any Loan Party in any case shall entitle any Loan Party to any other or further notice
or demand in similar or other circumstances.
 
(b)          Neither
this Agreement nor any provision hereof or of any other Collateral Document may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant
to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties with respect to which such
waiver, amendment or modification is to apply, subject to any consent required in accordance with Section 10.2
 of the Credit
Agreement. The Agent may conclusively rely on a certificate of an 
officer of the Borrower as to whether any amendment contemplated
by this Section 5.09(b) is permitted.
 
Section 5.10.     Severability.
Any provision of this Agreement held to be illegal, invalid or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such illegality, invalidity or 
unenforceability without affecting the legality, validity or 
enforceability
of the remaining provisions hereof or thereof; and the illegality, 
invalidity or unenforceability of a particular provision in
a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable 
such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
Section 5.11.     Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this 
Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all
of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one 
and the same instrument, and shall become effective as provided
in Section 5.04. Delivery of an executed counterpart to this Agreement by facsimile transmission or by electronic mail
in pdf format shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.
 
Section 5.12.      Termination
or Release.
 
(a)          This
Agreement,
 the pledges made herein, the Security Interest and all other security 
interests granted hereby, and all other Collateral
Documents securing the Obligations, shall automatically terminate and/or
 be released all without delivery of any instrument or
performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Collateral 
shall revert to the applicable Grantors, as of the date when
all the Obligations (including Hedging Obligations in respect of any 
Secured Hedge Agreements but excluding any contingent or indemnification
obligations not then due and owing) have been paid in full and the 
Lenders and any other Secured Parties have no further commitment
to lend under the Credit Agreement, the aggregate Credit Exposure has 
been reduced to zero, the aggregate Commitments have been
terminated in full, and the Secured Hedge Agreements shall have been 
terminated (the “Termination Date”).
 

23
 

 
(b)          A
Subsidiary
 Party shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder 
and the security interests in the Collateral of
such Subsidiary Party shall be automatically released upon the 
consummation of any transaction not prohibited by the Credit Agreement
as a result of which such Subsidiary Party ceases to be a Subsidiary 
Loan Party, in any case in accordance with the Credit Agreement,
all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any 
party, and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to
such Subsidiary Party.
 
(c)          (i) Upon
any sale or other transfer by any Grantor of any Collateral that is not prohibited by the Credit Agreement to any person that is
not a Grantor (including in connection with a casualty event) or (ii) upon the effectiveness of any written consent to the
release of the security interest granted hereby in any Collateral pursuant to Section 10.2 of the Credit Agreement,
the security interest in such Collateral shall be automatically released, all without delivery of any instrument or performance
of any act by any party.
 
(d)          [Reserved].
 
(e)          In
connection with any termination or release pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (i) or (d) of this Section 5.12,
 the Agent shall
execute and deliver to any Grantor, at such Grantor’s or Grantor’s 
expense, all documents that such Grantor shall reasonably
request to evidence such termination or release (including, without 
limitation, UCC termination statements), and will duly assign
and transfer to such Grantor, such of the Pledged Collateral that may be
 in the possession of the Agent and has not theretofore
been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to this Agreement. 
Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this
Section 5.12 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the 
Agent. In connection with any release pursuant to paragraph
(a), (b), (i) or (d) above, the Grantors shall be permitted to take any 
action in connection therewith consistent with such release
including, without limitation, the filing of UCC termination statements.
 Upon the receipt of any necessary or proper instruments
of termination, satisfaction or release prepared by the Borrower, the 
Agent shall execute, deliver or acknowledge such instruments
or releases to evidence the release of any Collateral permitted to be 
released pursuant to this Agreement or the Collateral Documents.
 
Section 5.13.     Additional
Subsidiaries. Upon execution and delivery by the Agent and any Subsidiary of an instrument in the form of Exhibit I
hereto, such Subsidiary shall become a Subsidiary Party hereunder with 
the same force and effect as if originally named as a Subsidiary
Party herein. The execution and delivery of any such instrument shall 
not require the consent of any other party to this Agreement.
The rights and obligations of each party to this Agreement shall remain 
in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition
of any new party to this Agreement.
 
Section 5.14.     Right
of Set-off. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, in addition to any rights and remedies
of the Lenders provided by Requirements of Law, each Lender shall have 
the right, without prior notice to any Grantor, any such
notice being expressly waived by the Grantors to the extent permitted by
 applicable Requirements of Law, upon any amount becoming
due and payable by any Grantor hereunder or under any other Loan 
Document (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) to set-off and appropriate and apply against such amount any 
and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, 
indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct
or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time 
held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof
to or for the credit or the account of such Grantor. Each Lender shall 
promptly notify the relevant Grantor (and the Loan Parties,
if applicable) and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and 
application made by such Lender; provided that the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.
 

24
 

 
Section 5.15.      Subject
to Hedge Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (a) the Liens and security interests granted
to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement are expressly subject to the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement and (b) the exercise of
any right or remedy by the Agent hereunder is subject to the limitations and provisions of the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms
of the Hedge Intercreditor Agreement shall govern.
 
Section 5.16.     Subordination.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all 
rights of the Grantors (other than the Borrower) to indemnity,
contribution or subrogation under applicable Requirements of Law or 
otherwise shall be fully subordinated to the payment in full
of the Obligations (except for any contingent or indemnification 
obligations not then due and payable). No failure on the part
of the Borrower or any other Grantor to make the payments required under
 applicable Requirements of Law or otherwise shall in
any respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Grantor with 
respect to its obligations hereunder, and each Grantor shall
remain liable for the full amount of the obligations of such Grantor 
hereunder. Each Grantor hereby agrees all Indebtedness owed
to it by any other Grantor shall be subordinated in accordance with the 
terms of any intercompany note.
 
Section 5.17.      Survival
of Agreement. All covenants, agreements, representations and 
warranties made by the Grantors hereunder and in the other Loan
Documents and in the certificates or other instruments prepared or 
delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement
shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Secured Parties and 
shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents,
the making of any Advances and the provision of services under any 
Secured Hedge Agreements, regardless of any investigation made
by any Secured Party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that any 
Secured Party may have had notice or knowledge of any Default
at the time any credit is extended under the Credit Agreement, and shall
 continue in full force and effect as long as this Agreement
has not been terminated or released pursuant to Section 5.12 above.
 
[Signature Pages Follow]
 

25
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
 


 
SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA, INC., a Colorado corporation

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name:
Terry Barr

 
Title:
President, Treasurer and Chief Executive Officer

 
 
 

 
SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA MONTANA, INC.,

 
a Colorado corporation

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name: 
Terry Barr

 
Title:
President, Treasurer and Chief Executive Officer

 
 
 

 
SAMSON OIL & GAS LIMITED,

 
a corporation organized under the laws of Australia

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name:
Terry Barr

 
Title:
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

 
Signature Page to Security
Agreement
 

   
 

 


 
AEP I FINCO LLC,

 
as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
Name:
James Avery

 
Title:
Managing Partner

 
Signature Page to Security
Agreement
 

   
 

 
Acknowledgment of Pledge
 
By their signatures
on this Agreement, each of the undersigned, as Issuers identified (and defined) on Schedule I hereto, and applicable Grantor
agrees and consents to the terms and provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement and acknowledges the registration on its
books of the pledge and security interest created by this Agreement in the manner required by Section 8-301(b)(1) of the Code.
 
Each
 of the undersigned
additionally (a)(i) agrees that, following the occurrence and during the
 continuation of an Event of Default, Agent or any of its
designees may exercise the voting rights related to the pledged equity 
interests in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
(ii) agrees not to challenge, dispute or take any action to prevent 
Agent’s or any of its designees exercise of the voting
rights provided for in this Agreement so long as those rights are 
exercised in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (iii)
consents to the assignment of all or any portion of the pledged equity 
interests to Agent or any of its designees in connection
with any foreclosure or any transaction(s) entered into in lieu of or in
 connection with a foreclosure so long as the assignment
is in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (iv) consents to the 
admission of Agent or any of its designees as owners of
the respective Issuer so long as the admission is in accordance with the
 terms of this Agreement, without the taking of any further
action by any Issuer, the applicable Grantor, Agent or any of its 
designees, all notwithstanding any provision or requirement to
the contrary in any of the Issuer’s Organizational Documents (as defined
 in the Credit Agreement) to permit Agent and its
assigns to exercise its rights under this Agreement, (v) agrees that the
 Issuer shall not, and the applicable Grantor shall not
cause the Issuer to, opt into Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code 
promulgated by the National Conference of Commissioners
on Uniform State Laws, as in effect in New York, without the prior 
written consent of Agent, and (vi) agrees to waive its rights
(including, but not limited to, any Issuer’s or any Grantor’s rights 
relating to any option to acquire a Grantor’s
interest in such Issuer), to the extent it has any, under the Issuer’s 
Organizational Documents to the extent such rights
conflict with the provisions of and rights granted to Agent or any of 
its designees to permit Agent or any of its designees to
exercise their rights under this Agreement; and (b) represents and 
warrants that the Capital Stock pledged to the Agent hereunder
constitute one hundred (100%) of the Capital Stock in such Issuer.
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank;
signature page follows.]
 

   
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the undersigned has acknowledged the pledge as of the date first above written.
 


 
SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA, INC., a Colorado corporation

 
 
 

 
By:


 
Name:
Terry Barr

 
Title:
President, Treasurer and Chief Executive Officer

 
 
 

 
SAMSON OIL AND GAS USA MONTANA, INC., a Colorado corporation

 
 
 

 
By:


 
Name:
Terry Barr

 
Title:
President, Treasurer and Chief Executive Officer

 

   
 

 
Schedule I
to the Security Agreement
 
Pledged Stock; Debt Securities
 

A.Pledged Stock
 


 Grantor 
Issuer 
Type of 
Equity 
Interest 
Certificate 
Number/
 Uncertificated  
Number of 
Shares Owned
 (Common 
Shares Unless
 Noted
 Otherwise)  
Percentage 
of
 Ownership  
Percentage
of
Ownership
 Pledged 

Samson Oil & Gas Limited 
Samson Oil and Gas USA, Inc. 
Shares of common stock 
1  
100  
 100% 
 100%

Samson Oil and Gas USA, Inc. 
Samson Oil and Gas USA Montana, Inc. 
Shares of common stock 
2  
1,000  
 100% 
 100%

 
B.           Pledged
Debt Securities
 
None.
 

 Schedule I 
 

 
Schedule II
to the Security Agreement
 
Intellectual Property
 
Copyrights
 
None.
 
Patents
 
None.
 
Trademarks
 
None.
 
Registrations:
 
None.
 

 Schedule II 
 

 
Exhibit I
to the Security Agreement
 
SUPPLEMENT NO. ______
dated as of ____________________ (this “Supplement”), to the Security Agreement dated as of April 9, 2019 (as
heretofore amended and/or supplemented, the “Security Agreement”), among Samson Oil and Gas USA, Inc., a Colorado
corporation (the “Borrower”), Samson Oil & Gas Limited, a corporation organized under the laws of Australia,
and each Subsidiary Party, party thereto, and AEP I FINCO LLC, as Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the “Agent”)
and Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties.
 
A.           Reference
is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of April 9, 2019 (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from
time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among the Borrower, the Lenders and agents party thereto from time to
time, the Agent and the other parties named therein.
 
B.           Capitalized
terms
 used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement and the
Security Agreement referred to therein.
 
C.           The
Grantors have entered into the Security Agreement in order to induce the Lenders to make Loans and the Secured Hedge Parties to
enter into the Secured Hedge Agreements. Section 5.13 of the 
Security Agreement provides that additional Subsidiaries may
become Subsidiary Parties under the Security Agreement by execution and 
delivery of an instrument in the form of this Supplement.
The undersigned Subsidiary (the “New Subsidiary”) is executing 
this Supplement in accordance with the requirements
of the Credit Agreement to become a Subsidiary Party under the Security 
Agreement in order to induce the Lenders to make additional
Loans and the Secured Hedge Parties to enter into the Secured Hedge 
Agreements.
 
Accordingly, the Agent
and the New Subsidiary agree as follows:
 
Section
1.      In accordance with Section 5.13
 of the Security Agreement,
the New Subsidiary by its signature below becomes a Subsidiary Party and
 a Grantor under the Security Agreement with the same force
and effect as if originally named therein as a Subsidiary Party and a 
Grantor, and the New Subsidiary hereby (a) agrees to all
the terms and provisions of the Security Agreement applicable to it as a
 Subsidiary Party and Grantor thereunder and (b) represents
and warrants that the representations and warranties made by it as a 
Grantor thereunder are true and correct in all material respects
on and as of the date hereof. In furtherance of the foregoing, the New 
Subsidiary, as security for the payment and performance
in full of the Obligations, does hereby create and grant to the Agent, 
its successors and assigns, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, their successors and assigns, a security interest in and Lien 
on all the New Subsidiary’s right, title and interest
in and to the Collateral of the New Subsidiary; provided that, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Collateral shall exclude any
Excluded Equity Interests and Excluded Assets. Each reference to a 
“Subsidiary Party” or a “Grantor” in
the Security Agreement shall be deemed to include the New Subsidiary. 
The Security Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 

 Exhibit I-1 
 

 
Section
2.      The New Subsidiary 
represents and warrants to the Agent and
the other Secured Parties that this Supplement has been duly authorized,
 executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal,
valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with 
its terms, subject to (a) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws 
affecting creditors’ rights generally, (b) general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (c) implied
covenants of good faith and fair dealing.
 
Section
3.      This Supplement may be 
executed by one or more of the parties
to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of 
said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute
one and the same instrument. This Supplement shall become effective when
 the Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Supplement
that bears the signature of the New Subsidiary. Delivery of an executed 
counterpart to this Supplement by facsimile transmission
or by electronic mail in pdf format shall be as effective as delivery of
 a manually executed counterpart hereof.
 
Section
4.      The New Subsidiary hereby represents and warrants that (a)
set forth on Schedule I attached hereto is a true and correct schedule of all the Pledged Stock and Pledged Debt of
the New Subsidiary as of the date hereof, (b) set forth on Schedule II attached hereto is a true and correct schedule
of all Intellectual Property of the New Subsidiary constituting United States registered Trademarks, Patents and Copyrights as
of the date hereof and (c) set forth under its signature hereto, is the true and correct legal name of the New Subsidiary, its
jurisdiction of formation and organizational ID number as of the date hereof.
 
Section
5.      Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Security Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.
 
Section
6.      THIS SUPPLEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
UNDER THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
Section
7.      Any provision of this 
Supplement that is prohibited or unenforceable
in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to 
the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition 
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate
or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
Section
8.      All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing
and given as provided in Section 5.01 of the Security Agreement.
 
Section
9.     The New Subsidiary agrees to reimburse the Agent for its reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this Supplement to the extent consistent with Section 12.5 of the Credit Agreement,
including the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel for the Agent.
 

 Exhibit I-2 
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Subsidiary
has duly executed this Supplement to the Security Agreement as of the day and year first above written.
 


 
[Name of New Subsidiary]

 
 
 

 
By:
 

 
 
Name:

 
 
Title:

 

 Exhibit I-3 
 

 
Schedule I
to Supplement No. __ to the
Security Agreement
 
Pledged Collateral of the New Subsidiary
 
CAPITAL STOCK
 


 
Number of Issuer
        Certificate

 
Registered Owner
 
Number and Class of 
        Capital Stock
 
Percentage of Capital
Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
DEBT SECURITIES
 


Issuer

 
Principal Amount
 
Date of Note
 
Maturity Date

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 Exhibit I-4 
 

 
Schedule II
to Supplement No. __ to the
Security Agreement
 
Intellectual Property of the New
Subsidiary
 

 Exhibit I-5 

 



